Dear friends, companions, and comrades, we cannot help but express our sorrow and anger at the new crime of this barbaric system, which has sent hundreds of persecuted people, including many children, to a watery grave in the Mediterranean. Now, four days after hearing this new inhuman news, the tears have dried up and turned into nothing but rage. This was also shouted by tens of thousands of mainly young people who took to the streets all over the country and here in Athens last Thursday. Anger against the system that generates poverty, exploitation, wars, and all the things that cause the uprooting of these people. Because refugee flows are not a natural phenomenon to be dealt with by inexpensive humanitarianism, let alone some proposals for managing the consequences.

Anger towards this international criminal organization that all our other parties present as the common home of the people: the European Union. It first unleashes interventions, robs other people, and then erects fortresses to keep them out, or opens the spigot only for those its monopolies want to squeeze as cheap labor. These are the rotten values of the EU, which are being sniveled about by some sad political wreck again.

Anger towards those who apparently did not do what was necessary to save innocent lives. They have the audacity to use the slave traders' refusal to save their goods, i.e. the people they had stowed away in that nutshell, as an excuse. Anger towards those who are once again spreading the poisons of racism, talking about illegal immigrants, invaders, or expressing annoyance even at the three-day mourning period that has been declared, revealing the darkness of their souls. No, we will not become accustomed to this recurring tragedy every three months, whether it be fires, floods, pandemics, trains, or the sea. Many more people now know it well: it is either their profits or people's lives. Everyone else is with their profits. We stand with people's lives.

We are not choosing between the lesser evil of Syriza's Moria hellhole and the closed prison structures of the Southwest. We are not choosing the lesser evil based on who was in government during the shipwreck. We feel the same hurt and rage for everything. ND, SYRIZA, PASOK, all these parties of the system, of the EU and NATO, are accountable for this new crime. Our people must make it another voting criterion, among so many others, and give them what they deserve in the elections next Sunday. Especially here, in Nea Ionia, which was founded 100 years ago by refugees from Asia Minor. Its people know very well the struggle of refugees to put down roots and live in the region. Everything they achieved, they achieved through their struggle, even for the most basic things: water supply, electricity, schools for their children. It is due to their struggle and the pioneering attitude of the communists throughout time in the region that they managed to survive and not to various "saviors" or "messiahs".

Friends, companions, and comrades, the criterion for voting in the upcoming elections must be each party's attitude towards satisfying the present and contemporary needs of the people and youth. The issue we have chosen to raise today is the struggle for the preservation and utilization of open spaces, which concerns one of these vital needs. Here, too, there is a wealth of experience regarding everyone's attitude and actions. Our motto is simple: open spaces for the people, closed to business interests! We are in a region where workers and youth have recent experience that shows this is also a matter of struggle and assertion. A typical example is the very place where we are now, next to Panetholio, one of the few remaining free spaces. Despite the problems of degradation and depreciation, it was still a "hive" for children and parents until two months ago when the playground was torn down without warning by the municipal authority, without any plan for what to do.

You also have experience with the large and diverse mobilizations from last year, so that the site of the former coal mine is not turned into a rubbish dump next to the schools in the area, but is reserved by the municipality and used for the vital needs of the people and youth. It should be highlighted as a site of great historical memory and heritage, to teach the new generations that the miners, among other things, were the soul of the National Resistance struggle in the area, and that at the Kalogreza blockade, the 21 executed were communist miners.

In addition, an appropriate solution should be provided so that the fleet of garbage trucks can leave the area of Icarus, where it is currently located inside the stadium of the area, where hundreds of children play sports. This decision was eventually cancelled thanks to mobilizations. All in all, the question of the use of the remaining free spaces is a political and class issue. In an area in need of such spaces, we see stadiums languishing with huge infrastructure problems. We see mega-commercials springing up, various big commercials here to make big profits for the owners, big soup marketers, and others. And the city teams are squeezed into just one stadium to train thousands of children. There are dozens of old factories in the township that have been left as "carcasses". The issue of open space is a problem that affects all neighborhoods and ultimately is born out of a system and policy that treats land and its use as a commodity. It is about who gets to use the land and for what purpose. Who "owns" it? Who gets to choose what gets built, and who gets access? In the current conditions of capitalist ownership of land, development based on the profit of the groups, anarchy of production, and the rivalries of the robber capitalists, land is exploited according to the investment plans and profitability of each individual group. Profit means that the workers are squeezed dry, profit means that the land is exploited as a tool of shameful profitability.

This profit motive leads to the conversion of entire areas of Athens and all other big cities into luxury tourist resorts for a few mega-corporations, with dozens of infrastructures and hotels. This turns all available houses into Airbnb, driving up rents for working-class families. In essence, it creates "gated", expensive, and inaccessible areas within the megacity.

The workers are paying for this policy by "truncating" any opportunity they have for rest, recreation, or culture. Spatial planning in the current system is determined by the profitability of business groups, not by meeting social needs.

This criterion determines where there will be residential buildings and how dense the buildings will be, whether there will be roads for traffic and mass evacuation in case of emergency, and of what dimensions, what flood protection works will be built, and whether there will be green spaces for recreation and sports facilities. The same criterion is used to determine the management of any open spaces and green spaces left. All governments to date have followed the same path on this issue. The guidelines are reflected in the Regulatory Plan for Athens and Attica, which was passed in 2014 and adopted by all: ND, PASOK, SYRIZA, who, after all, promoted it when they were in government. They are complicit in the policy that has targeted the remaining open spaces in Attica for exploitation by big capital. This is the path they are all taking, and they are all trying, especially SYRIZA and PASOK, to hide their agreement, ostensibly seeking more pro-peaceful conditions for the implementation of investments.

This is the direction that the laws of New Democracy serve for the environment and urban plans included in the recovery fund, which talk about the so-called "emblematic urban regeneration"! You have heard of this. This policy is being implemented as part of the EU's 'green transition' policy, the new big business of capital. Therefore, it is one more element of their common program, one more area in which objectively those parties that share this common program with each other cannot exercise real opposition to the next government of New Democracy.

Friends, on the opposite side of the above is the Programme of the KKE. The superiority of the new socialist society on these issues is overwhelming. This is also evident from the historical experience of the first attempt to build socialism in the 20th century, despite the mistakes, weaknesses, and undoubted positives. The great cities of socialism were truly cities to live in. What was the key point? Social ownership of land and the concentrated means of production, scientific central planning of the economy, all services, worker-people control, and direct participation of the people. This is the road proposed today by the KKE as a real and definitive solution to the problems of the people.

Ahead of Sunday's elections, the KKE calls on workers to reflect on their everyday lives and make it a criterion for voting. The policies supported by capital will have new painful consequences in their lives, as well as in their children's lives. The KKE calls on the people to resist this situation and demand a better life.

Throughout the past period, the KKE has been at the forefront of all major problems faced by working people, including those related to open spaces in the region. KKE deputies have been present, providing even more strength to these struggles. They have brought these issues to parliament, voted against them, and put as many obstacles as possible - based on the parliamentary power that the people had given them - to the plans of the government and other parties in the system. We will continue in this direction, even more vigorously in the coming period.

The workers and young people of Nea Ionia recognized the above, giving the KKE 13.5% in the May elections, one of the highest percentages for the Party in the Municipalities of Attica, where the KKE placed third overall. They voted based on who they have seen and who they have not seen on their side over the past years.

Now, with the overt pushing of media channels, various formations such as Mrs. Konstantopoulou's Pλεύsi movement suddenly appear before the elections. In order to be a kinematic movement, it is necessary for someone to have seen you in the institutions, processes, and demands of the movement.

So, friends, you now have every interest in confirming this choice. All of you should go and we appeal to those who will listen to us on the radio, television, portal, and channels to help take the KKE even higher. We need to send two communist deputies from the North Sector - and even more if possible - back to the Parliament by cancelling the cheat of the electoral law of the South-West that will be in force.

The small self-employed professionals who suffer from taxes, rents, and the general economic downturn that affects the income of families share the same concerns. They were understandably outraged to hear Mr. Mitsotakis, speaking from Nea Ionia a few days ago, claim that he does not see any vacant shops in the municipality.

We warn everyone in the Southwest to be careful and not come with too much energy, as you will find it somewhere! You may have had an easy time for the past four years with SYRIZA and PASOK, who voted for 50% or 70% of your bills, but you did not find it easy to legitimize your unpopular laws in the minds of the people. You also did not find it easy when you tried to impose graveyard silence.

We answer them: Because the KKE has always been in front of you, always, everywhere in front, boldly, militantly, unwaveringly, to do the slogan: "Only the people save the people", on the road of radical subversion. It will do the same now and let SYRIZA or PASOK try to disarm our people by talking about the supposed omnipotence of New Democracy in order to scare them. We answer them: no government can feel omnipotent when the workers' and people's movement is strong. And in this country, there is a strong JCP, a guarantee that the people and their movement will be strong. Some people would do well to remember this because the map may now be painted blue, but somewhere, like here in Nea Ionia, this blue is fading because it projects a red, perhaps still a little faint but red, bright red. This is proof that a current of questioning the dominant policy, its class character, which is served by all the parties of capital and their various governments, is being strengthened. Proof that the search for a solution to today's problems is gaining strength through the organized struggle of participation in the movement, collective action looking ahead to the future. And they have no reason to vote again for New Democracy, for example, the popular people here who did so under blackmail, stability or instability, and under the influence of a disorienting confrontation of New Democracy with the other parties of the system. Because what will count for our people is not how many more deputies, for example, New Democracy will get to vote for its anti-people's bills, nor does it matter much how many more deputies PASOK or SYRIZA will get to follow this unpopular course.

The crucial thing for the people is how high the percentage of KKE will reach with thousands of new votes in order to ensure the election of the second KKE MP in the northern sector.

Friends, we invite you to ignore those who are upset about the rise of the KKE on behalf of the system and are doing everything they can to reverse it. Here in Nea Ionia, for example, both the oldest and the youngest are learning and they all know something about the dirty tricks of the old PASOK. They remember the blackmail to steal and capture the votes of working people. Tsipras is now countering the same tricks by saying that every vote that does not go to him or SYRIZA serves the New Democracy project. However, leftists and progressive people hear this and shudder, just as the same voters of SYRIZA used to shudder when PASOK used to say these things back then. Mr. Tsipras continues and scratches his head again when he takes a direct picture of our party, the KKE, and says that it makes no difference even if it goes from 7 to 8%, while what matters is whether SYRIZA's share rises. What are you telling us? Get this, the exact opposite is true for the workers of Nea Ionia, the northern sector, and the whole country.

If the KKE reaches 8% or even 9%, more communist deputies will be elected to support the people both inside and outside of parliament.

While SYRIZA's increase from 20% to 21%, for example, means electing a couple of extra MPs who will vote for emblematic anti-people bills of Mitsotakis' New Democracy and, above all, undermine the popular struggles of workers.

We call on the thousands of people here in Nea Ionia who followed SYRIZA in previous years, for example, and perhaps other forces later on, to look the truth in the face, to think, and to see the enormous responsibility of SYRIZA for the victory of New Democracy in 2019 and last month on May 21. They should consider the damage that this party has done and continues to do to the working people's movement, to the consciences of working people, to the people as a whole, and damage to the cause of progress, that is, the struggle for a better life for all of us and our children. We look you in the eye as the communists have always looked you in the eye for more than 100 years, and we say to you, do not give them any more tolerance. Why? Tolerance ultimately means and becomes complicity because, unfortunately, they have chosen sides, and there is no hope of a return for the leadership of these parties.

So let's all make our decisions now. Follow the example of thousands of people who voted for the Communist Party of Greece for the first time on May 21. We know that the rise of the KKE was not the only element of the election result that made you smile or reconsider, but you all saw that the KKE's share was the only positive step in this overall negative correlation. Let's do even more and make the smiles on people's faces even wider. We also appeal to fighters and people of our nation who in the past followed PASOK but eventually abandoned it.

We inform them that PASOK has not changed at all today. It is still the same party that betrayed the people's hopes, voted for three memoranda, and co-governed twice with New Democracy. Moreover, the day before the last elections, it declared its readiness to do it again. It is the party that associated itself with scandals and fraud, causing honest workers and the people to turn their backs on it. Its forces have caused and continue to cause the most damage within the trade union movement through cunning, goons, putting employers themselves in unions, and, above all, subordinating to the aims of capital. PASOK is the leadership of GSEE. The same GSEE that was basking in the sun and discussing investment products is now absent on the day when unions, workers, and federations are fighting the battle of the general nationwide strike after the crime in Tempe. But this is PASOK, and it is not changing.

Comrades, friends, in the one week remaining, we will work day and night. Let's not count on any fatigue. We are now evaluating the results of the effort we have made over the past years, especially in the last few months, to strengthen the KKE. A first step was taken on May 21st, but it will remain in abeyance if it is not confirmed by the vote for the KKE next Sunday. In the end, that vote alone will count and will produce results that will follow us for at least the next 4 years. With ballot in hand, we are going to get everyone and everything, everyone. To ensure that not a single vote is lost to the JCP. To overcome all difficulties. Abstention will not be found by anyone's side in the years to come in the big hard times ahead. So no one should do a favor to those who want to corner them, who want them to form a Parliament with a convenient omnipotence of all the parties of this system, so that anti-people's emblematic bills with 250-270 deputies can be passed again, as has happened in many cases in all the previous years in the past four years. So, with anger, with heart, with mind, let us go to give all our strength to have great power, that is, to give strength to our strength. On June 25th, we will defeat the JCE. At this time, on this day, on the very next Sunday, let us all be on the war footing until the ballot box is closed, until the last ballot is cast. The red, red, red ballot paper must be cast in the ballot box of Nea Ionia, of the entire northern sector, of Attica, of all Greece. KKE strong, hope is here! Hello, thank you. Good strength!