Good evening to all and sundry. Good evening, Mayor. Dear Christos, this is the second time you have hosted us in your city. The first one was especially important to us. Why was it? You promised me, it wouldn't buzz because it's wired, he says. No, I don't want to go back. I don't want it to buzz, guys. Do something about it. No cell phones. It was very important because do you remember back in the pandemic? That we had the first day 25 consultation conference in Drapetsona in your own multiplex. It was a significant moment not only symbolically, but because it was a conference that marked the radicalization of Day 25. It laid the foundations for what we are all here together today united locally in the day 25 alliance for rupture in large part we owe it to the demos here in the area in Drapetsona, in this corner of Attica, of Piraeus, of our country. Thank you very much. I have a paper here. Which is burning my pocket and that's why I want to take it out to read the names of our candidates in the B Piraeus and the first Piraeus so that I don't forget it already So I'm starting with the B Piraeus.  It is a great honour and a great pleasure. That we have all these comrades, companions, friends and compañeras. Some old, some new, some with whom our paths had parted, but putting aside our egos, putting aside our disagreements, transcending, not ignoring our disagreements, we are all together again. There is a name here that is a little problematic. On the note on the Piraeus North ballot paper is the first one I've read. Yanis Varoufakis. I chose to run in V Piraeus, as I did last time for symbolic reasons. Because it is of great importance that this place here To emerge even symbolically as a front for a working class that has suffered the worst in the times of the memoranda. It is a symbolic choice. I am very happy to be given the opportunity to come down here again, King King King.You are here King, stand up. Demeter Velenza. John Zappas. Manolis Eliakis. Hello, Manolis. Dimitris Lambrou. Our captain. Roula Liatsou Hello, Roula. Kiki Bataki, Vasiliki Kyvaki, Hi Kiki. Yannis Persidis. Vassilis Stylos. And Elizabeth. Hello, Elizabeth. I will also read the names of our candidates, the first Piraeus, Panagiotis Vlantis. Like a farmer, say Georgouleas, sorry, Salvation Sunday Sandy, hello Sandy, sorry you got a taffeta you didn't have. John Gumas. Johnny here I see Johnny with a "N". What's so catchy? Basil the Magnificent. Styliannis Stavropoulou. Are you up late? And John Haralambakis.