Because of the Australian Past and have you heard of a company called Deddye? Q. Well, deddée is a bit of the old west. They broke up the PPC and sold bits and pieces here and there and sold Deddeus to an investment bank but essentially a criminal organisation from Australia called Macquarie. Well, because I call it criminal and I very much urge the Macquarie people to sue me.
Because it's their secret expression to call him a criminal. You are criminals, please file a lawsuit. McQuary before he came in here in all that he has done so there is the entire Australian national radio documentary about the.
Macri's antics in Australia. Before she came here she went to London and bought the London Basin Water Company. Do you know what London means? So? The whole of the whole basin. The field around the Thames is about twenty million people or twice the size of Greece. He bought their EIA. What is it? I saw them the water company called Tempes Water Company. He took it for £5 billion. Two of which he put up. Three of which Tempts Waters borrowed to buy it from the Macquarie. Within two years, McQuarrie had saddled Tebbs Waters with 10 billion pounds of debt. You'll tell me that's how capitalists borrow to invest. Nonsense. They didn't invest £1 of that £10 billion in Tempe Water. You don't even know what they did with it. They put it in their pockets, they gave it away as dividends to the shareholders of Macquarie. And now the people of London have dirty water. Every time it rains a little bit it floods the Thames and the surrounding seas from the sewage from the sewers that are Victorian, no investment has been made and if the state comes in now and takes back the renationalisation from Macquarie, they will inherit all the 10 billion in debt. Why am I telling you this? He got the tithes. The day before yesterday was May Day. Haven't you opened your account yet? The next electricity bill that comes in you will see that it always has a fixed supply fee, it's called Dededee's. Until now it was 56 cents a kilowatt hour. From now on it will be 4 € and 44 from 56 cents to 444 cents and even. anachronistic from 01/01, wait? That's what they do in Greece.