Well today here in Keratsini we are completing from late afternoon an anti oligarchic walk. We started in Elefsina where we met representatives of the Elefsina shipyards, Kenokostas, We said anti oligarchic walk. We spoke with representatives of HELPE, Latsis, not to be forgotten, representatives of the Skaramanga shipyards, etc. Does that ring a bell? Prokopiou.We come here knowing very well the good relations you have with Melissanidis and the goal here. There is also a Kosko. This is the great oligarchic instead of oligarchic walk. Because we don't hesitate to name them; we have nothing against the people personally we have something against the power system that empowers them, to plunder people and the environment and we will never stop saying that the goal of the break is along with everything else, along with the abolition of the debt prison in which the Greeks are locked up and incarcerated, the abolition of the power of these oligarchs. Because it is not enough to speak against capitalism. It does not bother them to hear us speak against capitalism. It generally bothers them that we call them Mr. Prokopios. For example who has a lot of money. But Mr. Prokopiou in the shipyard he got doesn't put a penny from his pocket. He lives off the money of the Greek state, the Ministry of National Defence, the navy, from the money he does not pay to the workers that he owes. From the constant brutal exploitation of hired contract workers. From the hard time, deep looting of people and the environment. This is Mr. Prokopiou, said Mr. Xenokostas. He has a difference from Mr Prokopiou. He doesn't even have money to put in, but it doesn't matter because if you are part of this oligarchic system we have socialism. For the oligarchs we have full state support at the public expense of the oligarchs. Socialism for the oligarchs and hard capitalism the arena of the ruthless market for the workers, for the citizens, for the environment. Latsis.Elpe.HELPE or it was the Greek State's. They imposed on us. The Troika with the threat of closing the banks to divest. The control of HELPE to Latsis, so that there would be no competition to Vardinoyannis. All of this is angelically done in the context of no market competition.