Friends and friends are long. This election period. Because unfortunately none of them respect the simple proportional representation. Mr Mitsotakis says so. Mr Mitsotakis. He demands The monstrosity of enhanced proportional representation demands the right to have self-reliance in Parliament with 65% of the Greek people having voted against him. That's what it's like when you hate democracy. You love the power of enhanced proportional representation, but SYRIZA, who voted for simple proportional representation, also voted for it tactically. He voted for it to create a problem for Mitsotakis who was going to come out next.Why am I saying this?I'll tell you when I can't be sure of other people's motives, but if they really loved, appreciated and pained simple proportional representation in a country whose constitution. What does it tell you? Sunday is election day Monday morning. You get the nomination, someone gets the nomination from the President by Wednesday night you have to have CLOSED. Well, from Monday morning to Wednesday night we can sit down and talk about what we were talking about I've been telling you all night about Hercules The energy exchange The European Union has been working on the energy exchange for 20 years. Hercules has been worked on for six years. Don't we want a reasonable amount of time to plan how we will react to them if we do progressive governance under simple proportional representation?  We since the mayor here allowed us, we hosted us in Drapetsona here and held our conference. Since then we invite all progressive parties, what are the progressive parties which they consider to be? We are not we KKE to say with you I'm not talking because you are black reaction. Anyone who thinks they are progressive, and would like to think about the possibility of us being in a coalition government because of a simple proportional representation to talk and because we are the small one, we are ready to go to their offices as well. We are not small, big, come to us we will come to us, no preconditions I said to them, no no red line; none we have our 7 points of intersection that is our program, eh we will not have? We don't say accept it to talk we say these things we say We say what do you say? Let's sit around a table, let us study your proposals, let you study ours. We may not find them, but can't we explore the limits of our disagreements? The room for convergence? If you love simple proportional representation you can't say no to that. The Syriza leadership told us, Come back after the election. After the elections you can't do 2 things, first, progressive program. I'll explain why I'm going to say it again. And the second and more important thing is to forge, relations of comradeship between our world and their world. Because a progressive government, you know, Mitsotakis doesn't need to have a popular movement. He has the oligarchic movement. He doesn't even need to have a program. Mitsotakis the right doesn't want a program. Who's writing it? The bills the 2 law firms of Mytilineos, Melissanidis, Alafouzos, Marinakis, she writes his program.  The other one pretends to be the Prime Minister.