The reason they dislike the Day 25 coalition for the break so much is that we are breaking the electoral mould. There is an electoral cartel if you see Inside quotes the political marketplace they have split their pockets. They may be bickering a little bit about how it's Coke and Coke digestion. Who may be arguing to get the Coke the Coke digestion booth. They pretty much have split the market between them with some borderline minor tensions between them. The same is sadly true of parties on the left who have rested their audience on their votes in their little shop. We don't care about our little shop. We are interested in breaking with the oligarchy, with capital, with the bureaucrats, we are interested in breaking up this party cartel. We are interested in another way of politics. This is not a question of whether Varoufakis, Androulakis, Tsipras, Mitsotakis will win, the people out there are hardly interested in us personally they are interested in what happens when the PPC bill is opened they are interested in what happens, go to the supermarket when they are called by the rapacious fund surfers and humiliated every day We make them not want to live any longer the young children who have to choose have the hard dilemma that our generation is responsible for having imposed on them, either to stay bent over in this country without dreams, or to go abroad. That's what we care about, we don't care about anything else and you know what? Not even the elections, well we will go to the elections, that's why they are sulking. But they're sulking there because they're living psychotically and they understand that. They feel it in their skin that we don't see these elections as an end in itself we see them as a means to our end, you know what will be important after the elections and I don't mean the first and second elections after a year. Why? Mark my words I think what I'm saying is true. Here today all over the country today that day 25 alliance for rupture we have rallies, we are building more than just a good election result. It is building the new great unruly disobedient militant left, which will rule this country on behalf of the many against the very few, literally and figuratively the very few With the aim that the next generation can look its children in the eye and not be in the situation that we of my generation are in, where we really look you young people in the eye and are ashamed of the Greece we have bequeathed to you. Thank you very much.
