In this context, through this process, poverty, despair, anger and rage gave birth to the monster, the formation, the serpent's egg, the Golden Dawn, the Nazis, the fascists. As long as we live, As long as we exist we will live and exist and breathe to crush fascism. Wherever it raises its head. Paul lives. Paul lives and will live. And the spirit will live. Of opposing fascism and Nazism on every corner, on every street corner, in every mass space, wherever we find them, we will eliminate them from Parliament, but we will eliminate them without their methods, without us mutilating democracy. In Parliament just before it closed, we were brought another amendment, by whom? The ones who turn a blind eye to the Nazis. Them, Mitsotakis who goes and takes a photo next to the disgrace of the Evros fence, winking at the same extreme right wing, asking for the vote. They are the ones who had all these snake eggs, all the offshoots of fascism within their bosom. We are not forgetting the serious Golden Dawn theorists who are on the benches of the parliament with New Democracy. Mr Mitsotakis dares to talk about us on the left, that we are fishing in the far right, but you know? He has learned the lesson that Goebbels taught him. What is the basic lesson of Goebbels' propaganda? You take the truth and reverse it. You tell a huge lie and keep repeating it over and over again. This is Mitsotakis' policy, when he dares, in particular, to accuse the left that because we are the ones who respect the principles of democracy, it is we who are determined to crush the far right, which is within his, with whom he is playing games. Electorally pre-election post-election. He dared to accuse us in Parliament when they brought in the second amendment, remember? They brought in amendment after amendment after amendment of more advertising of the cassadors, they couldn't do it, they made him a man. And we told them that you can't save democracy from the mutilation that a Nazi wants to inflict on it by mutilating it. Together with the KKE, we voted against their amendment.