I would like to thank you for being here today and wish a happy birthday to the Greek mother and to every mother. And why do I say this? We all know the important role that every mother plays and plays. We trust the Greek mother, we believe in the Greek mother and that is why we honour her. And we must honour her as Greeks from ancient times until today and we must continue on exactly the same path.

I want to comment on 2 things about Kozani. Yesterday afternoon, strangely enough, while we had booked a hotel room, the main hotelier cancelled the room. I do not want to believe that this is due to the premonition, fear, panic of the new democracy, because it is used to being a new democracy anyway. Such acts and actions, but I am saddened and I say this effortlessly by a fact that proves that we Macedonians are forgetting, forgetting the behaviour of the water-headed state of Athens, the 40,000 rodents and the rest of their Praetorian troops who have been preying for decades on the whole province and especially in Macedonia, so that we can talk about Macedonia, since we are in Macedonia. And I wonder how Kozanians even today defend this logic and mentality. Of the water-headed state of this monstrosity called Athens of 40,000 rodents. I am not referring to the inhabitants.

We had a second incident, the press conference. It really makes me happy, on the one hand you can be worried for a while, but on the other hand you are happy about the panic of the New Democracy. You know they were supposed to be here to channel TV Flash but suddenly they told us they don't have a camera. Okay, these things happen. Yes, we were told they don't have a camera if I'm not mistaken. They informed me a little while ago, but the Network is coming; the Kastoria Network, which is further away from Kozani. I don't know, it may be coincidences like that, but recurring coincidences didn't just happen here and in Crete where we went something similar, it happened okay, it can happen. It doesn't matter. Anyway, we knew it was a mountain for us when you're dealing with the state of Athens, the water-headed state. It makes sense that they would deal with it with all the resources they have, even if they are dirty and we've been dealing with it intensely for the last two months for the last four years. That's why in the debate, as you saw on the debate, I don't mince my words and we don't mince our words, they told the journalists that I thank the Greek people very much today for bringing me here because we were never shown on Mega not even once for 4 years on Sky at all on STAR at all. And in the others hardly ever. If we were given the opportunity to communicate our messages, we are sure that the battle would have been at least on equal terms.

But unfortunately they are investing in the short memory of the Greeks. Here Kozani had at least 5 rallies for Macedonia and they vote for SYRIZA New Democracy who betrayed Macedonia. Okay, it's a logic that will be needed I guess. In the coming years a special investigation by special people, scientists to evaluate why all this happened I don't know everyone. He has his own opinion and his own view and because in the last few days an insult is being played out towards all of Greece from the Albanian side. What is happening, you know with Albania and the vision is not a random event for those who know history it reminds a little bit of the events of September 55, just before. Back when the Turks, because Erdogan is a very good student of. He is a very good teacher of Rama and vision is a very good student of Erdogan and Turkish chauvinism. In the events of 55. We had persecution of the Greeks of Constantinople. From the Greek side silence, the same things are happening today and I wonder about the Greeks I really wonder about the new Greeks with all that is happening, we have not put our minds as Greeks. Because the provocation that happened back then. And the Greeks were driven out of the city, our capital, because let me envision the reigning kingdom. Centuries of millennia, capital of Greece. And let others envision Kolonaki, everyone has their choices and priorities.

But I have to say two or three things, which I think are very important on the issue of Albania. The special forces that arrested Beleri were trained by the Greek army, the Albanian special forces. In other words, look at the tragedy that our country is going through, the Albanian special forces were trained by Greek officers. Greek officers trained those murderers of Katsifa, Gumas, Beleri, Kokavesi and all those of the Kola who perished, were persecuted, hunted by the Albanian regime. We ask the Greek government, even today, to take initiatives and actions. To punish the fascist Rama because the Greek presence in Northern Epirus is not a small presence of a few years. It is centuries of millennia. We therefore call on the Prime Minister and the other political leaders to leave the election period tomorrow, so to speak. And take the plane that is taking rides. The Prime Minister's motor car and go to Tirana. All the political leaders. Ask to see Rama, ask to see Beleri in jail. It's a proposal. I am afraid that Tsipras, Mr Androulakis and the others will evaluate the proposal in the usual way. It is better to run around the villages within quotes and be applauded by the other party member than to do their national duty. The first act a serious country can do is this. Come close to the issue.

The second one I have already instructed the Greek solution through the person in charge to our MEP to ask for the freezing of all Community funds to Albania. All. Albania gets too much from the European Union with the vote of Greece. Because Greece has the right to veto. So we ask the Greek government to veto as a second option. In relation to what Rama is doing. Veto that Rama's Albanians do not get even 1€, our issue is not the Albanians as citizens, but Rama whose logic has been dominated by an anti-Hellenic psyche for decades. His behaviour is also a matter of science, because practically half of his mother is a Greek redneck by birth. He himself has studied in Greece, has been hosted many, many times, but he has a hatred that many cannot justify. Of course, as the President of a drug state, because he is the President of a drug state, I think that what Greece should do is what the Greek solution is to stop all funding to Albania.

But I have this to say to New Democracy and its votes. A friend of Prime Minister Erdogan. Chavusoglu is a friend of Dendias. Rama is a friend of the Prime Minister and Dendias. If you have such friends, why do you need enemies? When you have friends who are enemies of Greece, then either you are not doing your job well or you are a fool. I think it is the former. I do not want to believe that either Mr Dendias or the Prime Minister are fools.

And here. Let's go a little bit to the economy, although I was told to talk about the partnerships, you know I laugh at Mr. Androulakis, who one day says jail and the next day says release. So it is unbelievable what is happening. And I will say something that may sound a little strange, and all of Athens knows it, Athens is crying about this story. That the interceptions have given Mr Mitsotakis weapons in his quiver in relation to political opponents. I hope Androulakis does not behave in the following arrivals because of this. I hope so wholeheartedly because if a political leader is held hostage by wiretapping, then our democracy is finished.

For those who follow the developments, they understand that in the last four years PASOK voted for about 78% of the bills of New Democracy. You do not understand that we are looking for partnerships, since they exist anyway. SYRIZA 50% and more with a drop in the last 3 months, because SYRIZA abstained from the parliamentary process. That's why its percentage dropped. Otherwise it wasn't at 55%. When I listen I agree, Mr Tsipras, to 55% of Mr Mitsotakis' bills. When I agree, Mr Androulakis, to 80% of Mr Mitsotakis' bills. I do not understand why you are arguing. I do not understand why they are arguing, why they are arguing and where they are arguing. They voted to sell off the lignites, to close them down. They voted together for the privatisation of the PPC. They also voted for the selling off of all public wealth, not to forget everything to do with the energy providers. Stock market all 3 together. They voted for fan creation and electronic auctions. Step by step all together, hand in hand. So therefore I can't see where they disagree. What their disagreement is. And I'm addressing the voters of these parties who are comfortable. Many of them and I understand that because unfortunately, the productive model of the country creates armies of partisans. A productive model that bases its operation on 74 percent service delivery means what does that mean, about 45-50 or more percent of Greeks are dependent on the public sector. Whether they are civil servants or pensioners. It simply means that this dependency is returned at the ballot box and the party armies will never change sides because their first concern is the party and then Greece.

That's the production model that got us here, you know? Kozani could have had free heating, the whole prefecture and the whole of Macedonia and it should have had it because it has the possibility of lignite. It should have been a vast construction site. It should have been. It is not. Kozani should have been a hub for Western Macedonia along with Florina to the north and west. We insist to the Prime Minister that the railway network should at some point be taken seriously in the rest of the country and a parallel axis of our border from Alexandroupoli should lead to Igoumenitsa with a vertical railway network so that we can transport the pre-conditions the cheapest means of transport. Of course, what products to transport. I say all this to show you how the different perception and image we have of the country's economy, of cooperation, warn the Greek people once again that Tsipras, Mitsotakis Androulakis after the day after the elections or the second election will come together in cooperation.
Not because they want to, but because the foreign agent is forcing it on them. The purpose is to go to co-exploitation of mineral wealth, strange as it may seem. If 20 years ago it was said that a government would come out and that it would very easily pass the treacherous Prespa agreement and no one from the political parties would object. Would you tell me what you are saying? It is not so, the parties will react, we saw it.
So the second one will happen after the elections and it will happen because the statements of the top executives of all the parties, PASOK, New Democracy and Syriza, are that this is the direction that anyone who doesn't want to see it has a problem in his vision. Anyone who does not want to see it has a problem in his thinking, his judgment and his memory.

I would also say that if truly Greek solution is given the opportunity to govern. She does not have to do many things. I have said it before. We will not invent America. The first thing we will do is potentially operate the lignites in the region. There are ways, there are special filters, our own experts in the we submitted a whole study to the House. CCPC collected this method anyway, I'm not an expert of all, but I'm reading and learning some things. Which has to do with blast furnaces and how you can have no pollutants at all, but the big lie and I'm afraid that here in Kozani they don't know it is that Greece even now has low pollutants, the lowest in Europe. 5.3 compared to other countries that have 15 2010, which means that we can operate the lignites. And on the other hand? We send our lignite, primarily to Skopje, a few kilometres away from the border. There is an old power and lignite plant working there. By the Scopian brothers of Mr Mitsotakis, Mr Tsipras and Mr Androulakis. That is what they are called and Zaev called his brother Mr Mitsotakis. And he sends the pollutants to Western Macedonia, the state of Skopje. What kind of pollution is this? What is this excuse really that can be valid to tell you that I want to protect the environment, but at the same time I want Northern Greece to be filled with pollutants.

I say this very simply so that the people of Kozani who see our interview will understand. That nothing is accidental in this country, its flattening is by design. Its withering away is a choice. Its demise is their act. All of this must be taken very seriously and because for us the economy is too important for any of them to play a game for laughs and tears. Let me tell them that those who look at the international economic freedom table. Let the political leaders do some research on what economic freedom means. They will see that at the moment we are just above Estonia, just above Romania, which is about to pass us and shortly to pass Bulgaria. We will be last on the economic index table. So they have succeeded in 20 years in making us last in Europe. And I ask the last citizen of the country. Tell me, tell me what this country produces?
If a citizen can be found who produces it, I will discuss it. A country that, I repeat, is based on service delivery, has no future, has only 74% service delivery debts. This service provision includes tourism, which is not a heavy industry, but it is the way we operate. I say all this so that you understand that what the political leaders say. And they do not tell us where they will get the money are from the graphic to the ridiculous.

I apologize, but that's my point when Stavroulakis comes out and says he's going to do 150,000 new homes. And he estimates the cost at 1.1 billion euros, so a house of 7200 euros, how can that be? A political leader who simply does not know prep school. Subtraction, division, multiplication, addition we have nothing with man. But enough of lying. And he's even telling us again the familiar "I'll get the money from the recovery fund". The Recovery Fund is for the recovery of the economy. It's not to make houses and showers. Better to give the Greek a job with two 3000€ a month so that he can pay the rent on 700€ than to give him the duvet and be unemployed. This is the different philosophy that the Greek Solution has. We can produce wealth by creating jobs. They borrow money and put the country in debt without producing wealth and without being able to honour Greece to make it better. I say this in very simple terms because I really could not understand how you can make 150,000 new houses with 1.1 billion nor can you do it with 4 billion. It is not possible with 7000 I am 30,000 euros a house unless Mr Androulakis lives in a house with one room and a toilet. You can do it for 10 grand in a rented house.

You know, I may upset some people, but this is a man talking to you who is in work every day.
I'm in the productive fabric of the country. This country has no future, does it? I say it, I shout it, we're going to have new memoranda. We're going to have new debts. We're going to have new chains. And this choice the name New Democracy, PASOK and SYRIZA. If they listened to us from 2020 when we warned them about all this, we told them we could do something. Can we create something? We can make a productive fabric, they did not listen to us. At the last minute I plead with them within quotes. Change the tax system 15% flat tax. Finally, the horizontal tax to be understood not to speak and barbarically horizontal tax on individuals, on companies there is no other solution.
Income expenses in a tank we deduct them and there you tax, as if many countries.

I have been saying it for a very long time and I have been insisting on it and you see, I have not even mentioned mining, which is worth 300 billion euros in our country. This is enormous wealth and no Mitsotakis and no Tsipras and no Androulakis have the right to bury this wealth of the Greek people. With 300 billion from here and another 500 billion euros minimum in gas and oil extraction, the Greek can eat with golden spoons and be rich as gold and if you connect this to pensions, as Norwegians have been doing for years, the pensioner will get 3 and 4000€ and this money will not come from borrowing but from production and the pensioner gets 3 and 4000€ he doesn't put it in his pocket and keeps it and drives it to the market and this money is the 1000 - 1500 of each person that will drive the market. They will also move the café they will become and the restaurant they will move and the clothes shop, but that's exactly where you have to change the production line again and produce yourself so that the money can stay here.

I say it as simply as I can and I hope it is understandable. The Greek solution did not come to Greece because it just wants to be still reactionary like the rest of the pieces. We are a governing party, a party that can govern. 400 pages of program when New Democracy, Syriza and PASOK together their programs are about 85 pages of all three together and they are not ashamed and rather for costing programs which when I really saw it I who am not the economist huge. I almost fell out of my chair. From laughing. Because it's a laughing matter but the people, the Greek people and various Greeks need to understand something. That we are the only political force in the last 100 years since Macedonia was liberated and something from the 12 that comes from the bowels of Macedonia and Northern Greece. Good at least for the philanthropy that Macedonians have to support the effort of the Greek solution. Don't behave as they did.

In previous decades as slaves of a state, which is 40,000 citizens in Athens of rodents. Not all of Athens 40,000 rodents and I can cite infinite arguments to prove it.2300 workers I will get tired of saying it for this says nothing Androulakis, Mr. Tsipras and Mr. Mitsotakis for their own comfortable. 2300 people and another 5500 together, all together all together all appointed unqualified, getting salaries of over 5k to 12k each individually. That money is about 1-1 201 billion 200 million and that's who I'm going to fire. I say it bluntly. We're going to fire them, it's not possible. It is unworthy of merit 2300 people to be paid €10,000 in independent authorities that are illegal, because our Constitution says 5 and we have 37. These people don't work for the country, they work for their parties. I say this so you can understand where you can make a cut, but the 3 of them don't speak because they are their own children. They appointed them how can you remove a press from there that you appointed? And what do they say I tell you we borrow and give borrow and give by increasing the debt.

In conclusion, I would like to say a few words about the Turkish elections. Today we have elections in Turkey. I do not know what the result will be. You are dealing with a regime, Erdoganism is a regime, let's not kid ourselves. It is not a constitution, but it is a regime. Here Greece is in danger of having a Mitsotakis regime. With everything that has happened in recent months and years, but especially with Turkey, we should not be under any illusions. Either
Davutoglu doctrine, or Erdogan's doctrine of ism or Kemalism, Turkey's chauvinism is self-evident. Never has Turkey, even since the Kemal era, stopped at its borders. For decades now it has been eating up neighbouring territories. Turkey's objective, as evidenced by its choice of navy, is the sea. Unfortunately, for our country, the Aegean is the apple of discord. If some people believe that if Kilicdaroglu comes out or if Erdogan comes out we will have peace, they are sadly mistaken, just like the Prime Minister, who was recently told by Erdogan that I hope he will implement what he himself committed to me. To this day he has still not told us what the Prime Minister has committed himself to. The Prime Minister's secret diplomacy has since been denounced by the Greek solution and today we are confirmed. We therefore call on Mr Dendias and the Prime Minister to either deny Erdogan or tell us what they agreed with Erdogan. This behaviour cannot be justified. And also to say specifically about the Kemalists. It is the worst thing in human civilization, Kemalism. Period, full stop; whoever understands understands; whoever doesn't understand, doesn't understand, and what I want to say is that the story doesn't end in Turkey, so. It doesn't end easily, Turkey is a deeply divided society. With structures of Erdoğanism in the Army Guard with structures of Erdoğanism in the Army They have fled Kemalist and the rest have left only the Islamists. Which is too difficult to eradicate all of them. Only target prison in Turkey is about 150,000 heavily armed military. They are not gendarmes. So let's not be under any illusions, and I say this very seriously, because some people are under illusions.

If you have any questions I am at your disposal to answer them. And I hope. With the next government, don't pay 15€ all the way to Thessaloniki with the tolls, because the Kozanians don't have a brain. From next year they will put the toll on your route you will pay 15-30€ to commute. Enjoy your vote, I wish that on 21 May as Macedonians you will stand up and answer with a big no to them and a big yes to the Greek Solution.
