According to these provisions, over-indebted households are simply given the right to survive, their food and basic necessities are guaranteed, and the banks can take everything else. That is why the banks accepted the Stathakis law and we had 'the police and bailiffs' raids on houses in general and first homes in particular. This is how we finally arrived at the latest regulations, which the Mitsotakis government is provocatively presenting as measures to protect over-indebted households. What do they provide for? A reduction in the interest rate for borrowers that is constantly increasing..., and the obligation of creditors, such as banks, to justify the rejection of proposals for out-of-court settlement of loans of the relevant platform. Formally and technically, these platform proposals are automatically formulated on the basis of an algorithm. What is behind all of the above?The economic violence of the system that, taking advantage of the reactive framework formed by ND, SYRIZA and PASOK, says to the over-indebted household "give us everything you have or you will lose your house"!The recent changes of the government, in essence, make it easier for the banks and the "crows" to get as much as they can. Cutting interest rates makes it easier for the banks to continue to bleed and without legal impediments. In case the borrower 'does not cooperate', he will lose his house and become a 'tenant in his own house'. The notorious algorithm of the out-of-court mechanism is in fact shaped according to the profitability requirements of the banks and funds. And if the proposal does not satisfy the lenders, they can reject it with a simple legal justification! All they have to do is to state in practice that the debtor can liquidate property of greater value. Already the competent Ministry admits that the rejection rate of applications to the out-of-court mechanism is as high as 46% for creditors and 44% for debtors. In any case, the legislative framework protects creditors by providing that they should not be in a worse position than they would be in if the auction were implemented, unless they themselves consent to this option. We have even reached the point where banks and funds are lending again, to some bankrupt households, to buy their house back, in the auctions organised by the 'crows' themselves.