Thank you Pericles, thank you all.

I will take the opportunity of something Pericles said, that they are talking about our programme, they are talking about our proposals, they are in a frenzy with the executioner.
But what is interesting is that the only way they can deal with our proposals, the executioner, Ulysses, the energy exchange proposals, is not to criticise them but to indulge in black propaganda. If you see Daily Capital All the mouthpieces of the oligarchy what do they say about Demeter? You will see that one fifteen-year-old student, if he or she had read the demitra for 10 minutes, would know that what they say is a lie. You can criticize all policies and in the demitra and Ulysses there are criticisms you can make.

The fact that they engage in blatant lying blatant lying? It shows how panic has gotten the better of them. Why? We have no problem when they take down Hercules for selling red loans, to exercise to read the bill, to look at exactly what is being done, to describe to you exactly what is being done and to criticize strongly, denouncing criticism of what is being done, of what Hercules is doing, not what Hercules is not doing. They engage in criticism of what the executioner is not doing because they have no arguments and they don't care. Ultimately, all you care about is Goebbels' tactics.

Goebbels was the first teacher of propaganda and he said one thing: To keep the voice of the opponents, the opponents of the Nazis, from being heard, you take a big lie The bigger the better and keep repeating it over and over again. This is written in Goebbels' propaganda manual. The New Democracy and PASOK and SYRIZA are engaged in the full full implementation of Goebbels' propaganda doctrine, as far as we are concerned, it strengthens us, it makes us feel that something good must be done, it can't be. It can't, if we didn't do something good we will be severely criticized.

Before I go on Let me in the atmosphere which the periklis created read the names of our candidates in the 2 counties of the region, Kavala and Drama.
Because it is of great importance and for me personally it is a very great joy that not only do we have with us the people with whom we started with day 25, Diem 25 even before day 25 started from 2016 17 18, but we have new fellow travellers, we have new supporters, new comrades that we had walked together.
Then that first five months in the spring, the Greek spring that the Trojans were talking about and shaking. We parted ways because of disagreements, but the fact that we are together today shows that our disagreements were not strategic, they were tactical disagreements; plus we have what it takes. What a leftist, a leftist needs; the ability to put aside our egos, our bitterness, our counter-arguments and to embrace each other again and move forward together in the common frontal united struggle.

That's why I want to welcome here today and locally this alliance for rupture under the umbrella of Day 25, which is expressed in terms of faces, because as feminists said in the 70's, the personal is also political. Here in the constituency of Kavala we start with bright from apostolaki apostolaki, bright who are you are here? She's abroad, we send our love to Germany. Despina Damianidou, Despina Damianidou. She's not here either. George Ioannidis, George is here. Michael Makarios. Kostas dwarf together we are from the first moment of day 25. As with Michael. George Passas. There he is. And now I'm moving on to the constituency of Drama, Maria Neofotistou. And Maria is missing. The girls don't want us to strike today. Apostle Prokova. Apostle. And Anastasios Hadjilazarou. Resurrection.

I was listening to Mitsotakis the other day saying, remember the imaginative thing he found against us, "How many hangmen will make a souvlaki? Did you hear that? The same day he had said something else to the laid off people here in your area he had said E what do we do? That's the market. Interesting, isn't it? The market works too well when it brings in revenue to Mitsotakis Inc. And the cost is the layoffs. In other words, we have a regime now that is not just exploitative. Capitalism has always been exploitative is the essence of capitalism. But here it is not pure capitalism. Think about it, we have a Patchwork, a mixture of socialism for the oligarchy and hard market for the rest of us; the rest of us, the have-nots, the have-nots, the weakest, the working class, the middle class, the lower middle class, the unemployed, the disabled, the retired, are thrown into the Roman arena of the market market arena, in which the lions tear their flesh. That is the market system, but for the oligarchs there is no competition. There is no such thing as the Roman arena. The great theorists of liberalism, the great proponents of capitalism, so to speak, have always thought, what they said, Adam Smith, for example, said that the good thing about capitalism is that competition between capitalists forces them to convert their own greed. Everybody is greedy, Adam Smith said, but because of the competition between them like mobsters undermining each other eventually the market forces the capitalists to serve the social interest. This is the ideology of the right.

What market? The energy exchange? In a stock market really in New York in the New York Stock Exchange, in the London Stock Exchange, every day there are losers and winners.There are thousands of gamblers playing They make bets They borrow to get some They finish their day and can't sleep at night because they are losers Some are sailing on a sea of happiness because they have made millions of billions. This is how a real market, a stock market, works. It's odious and this stock market is misanthropic, but that's what a stock market is.

What Alexis Tsipras set up with, you remember him, with my friend, my former friend, and my colleague, my former colleague, George Stathakis. Where Stathakis was coming out and saying that now from now on the electricity is going to be a lot and it's going to be cheap. The energy exchange. What is the energy exchange? An energy exchange with 5,000 people competing with is not an energy exchange, do you know what it is? It's a coffee shop. They sit 5 in a cafe. It's not a coffee shop, it's electronic. It's like doing a zoom or a skype, a watchapp. Every morning And they say the price to put on these donkeys here that we're going to steal and loot them? Someone says let's put 350 euros a kilowatt hour on them, the other one says, "No, let's not overdo it then, let's make it 330, they get along with each other. This is the energy exchange. This is the Roman arena, in which the rules of the market tear the flesh from the capitalists! Nonsense. They're getting along. Capitalism is a market that resembles a Roman arena for the workers only for the workers only for the many, but here we have gone too far, we have socialism for the oligarchs, because that's what it is. A whole state works for them. They don't produce products to sell on the market to take a risk and say that their profit is a reward for their risk, dear boy. What risk is bardinoyannis taking in the energy exchange? Pigeon.

May Day when you open after May Day, the PPC bill, you will see that the supply fee, the supply fee that goes to the Deddee. The deddee is the part of the old PPP that they cut off.They broke it from the old single PPP and it is what carries the electricity from the generating plants to your house or your shop. That fee which is currently 52 cents a kilowatt hour will go to 444 cents a kilowatt hour 4 € and 44. That is 752%. It is a monopoly increase and it was decided by the decree with Mitsotakis. He could say 1000%. What is it, where do you see it in the market?There is a market here, a monopoly, it's a company and it's not just one company. Friends and friends, fellow travellers, comrades. The company that Mitsotakis S.A. sold to a criminal organisation called Macquarie.
An Australian fake bank an Australian corporation something like a giant goal that engages in criminal acts against peoples one after another. One after another.

The Makwari before it got the deddee had got many such public companies of the privatization and dosan Makwari. One of them is the London Water Company of the whole of metropolitan London. Tems Water. They took it for £5 billion, they loaded it up with £10 billion of loans using the company as collateral. And you know what they did with those loans? They didn't invest it in London's sewers, in London's water quality, they put it in their own pockets. In their pockets!  That water company. That's the one that has the bond.

Have you heard this from anyone else? Only from day 25 do you hear that? Silence, fish. Not even from SYRIZA. Well obviously not from Mitsotakis nor from PASOK KINAL. What do they call it now? So I must say not even from the KKE, which accuses us of being a mound of the system because it says, as Dimitris Koutsoumbas said recently, "What about the executioners and what Day 25 says, will the exploitation of the workers be stopped? Of course not. Of course not.  

But shouldn't we denounce to the Greek people what is happening with Macquarie? How do we help the Greek people to shake off the narrative that everything is going well or even worse narrative, Do you know who is the biggest enemy of progress in our country, the left, the subversion? The sense that people have outside, not that things are going well, our fellow human beings are not eating fodder, they know that things are going from bad to worse, they see the desolation, they see the debt slavery, as we call day 25 they see it and the democrats see it. They don't see things are getting better. But what is it that is essentially locking them in, in the new democracy, in the system, clipping their wings, not allowing them to free themselves from this Old Party, not even bourgeois, oligarchic establishment. The feeling is things are going from bad to worse, but there is no alternative. Nothing can be done.

We The first thing we achieved, and I think it was a real feat, we put the no vote back in the Parliament in July 2019. We are the only one, representing the no in the House. PASOK First memoranda, new democracy with PASOK, second memoranda, Syriza, third and fourth memoranda. They have the narrative in common with each other that we are not in the memoranda anymore and that that no was an illusion. So says Tsipras. The KKE never supported the no vote it considered it an illusion since the week before the referendum and asked people to essentially throw a no vote. We were the only one who put the NO back in parliament; not only did we put it in parliament, but the day after we entered parliament, we kept tabling proposals on how, within this rotten system of the rotten fake state capitalist Greek system, the Greek people can be relieved. Why do we put forward these proposals? Take Odysseus as an example. We sat down and really got killed. We did too much work. You know we are not a handful of Members, a handful of Members who stand up myself, not me so much, my colleagues, the rest of us. George Loyiadis, Kriton Arsenis, Maria Apatzidi, Sophia Sakorafa. Who did I forget? I didn't forget them, we're like that. We lifted in 2021 these guys on their shoulders a parliamentary work that the parliamentary group of larger parties with 20 70 MPs have not done. They have not done. So we are tabling a bill! Not just a Policy in a 4 page pamphlet. We sat down and wrote the bill as we would have done if we were in government because we in opposition have a sacred obligation not only to say we don't like what the government is doing to say when the government brings down a bill, what would we legislate instead of what it looks like. For the citizens to judge it for the journalists to judge it for the commentators to judge it for the students to judge it for the people who want to spend 10 minutes judging us.

We are so simplistic in our thinking that we believe that because our proposed law has some substance, some basis that Mitsotakis will embrace it.
The majority in the House.No, of course we are not tabling it for that. We are tabling it because we want to show the people out there what could be done today?
Not at the Second Coming, not after socialism comes, Communism today, within this rotten capitalist system, because capitalism is not solid, it is not a thing. There is the capitalism of Sweden, there is the capitalism of Poland, Hungary, South Korea, Nigeria, Chile, Colombia, not all capitalisms are the same. We say this, we say two things. First. The only way to create revolutionary consciousness in people out there who listen to us leftists talk and run away. Not because they are right-wing, not because they are reactionary, but because they don't believe in the political system, especially after the referendum of '15, when people rose up, went against the troika, went against the media of mass deception, made their breakthrough, said, never mind, closed banks I don't care. Let them never open. Don't back down. break, patriotism, do something at last for this country that doesn't involve submitting to the troika, whether it was Metternich in Austria-Hungary, whether it's Schaeuble, today it's Scholz. And first to these people. They feel you know we have lost 500, 600,000 voters who voted in the referendum and have not voted since then. That's the man I'm going to tell. We voted for socialism and then we'll all be fine. He'll laugh.

The only way to radicalize it is to radicalize it, to say look at what Hercules is, what they're doing to you, how much is your house right now, how they're looting the properties of your neighborhood, of our whole country. You've heard so many times I imagine the explanation we give that they come in, they get a 100,000 loan for 3 grand. So that particular borrower may have already paid off 100k. But with the pancakes, the loan has gone back to 100,000 again. They kick him out, put it under the hammer for 50k, they've put 3, they get 50 at 47 they take it out on the Cayman Islands. So what do we do? We explain this to people, people don't know. And they don't know that all the money goes to the Cayman Islands.Nobody said that. And at the same time we're saying look at what could be done today, here's Ulysses, we're creating a public private loan management company, here's the bill. Here are the reasons why this law, if the Greek government gets it, would not conflict with European law. Not that we want to respect European law, but so that the other guy doesn't come and tell you what Europe will say. No matter what Europe says, there is a European law here, no matter how many pips are counted. Our proposal for Ulysses falls within the scope of this, we are waiting.

Will this ever be implemented by the establishment? Of course not, but the only way to convince the man out there that, "Wait a minute, they're right." Could something be done today within the existing capitalist system that would give us a breathing space, that wouldn't get us thrown out of my store, that wouldn't have to close it down and fire my employee. So you can start a conversation with the people out there who are frustrated with politics. If you tell them vote for me to make socialism, you've lost them, we'll be down to 5% and we and the KKE and eventually the predators will continue to plunder our people and the working class will continue to either abstain and sit on the couch on election day or become part of Kasidiaris and Golden Dawn. If it can no longer contain its anger, because the only reason why fascists and Nazis grow in crisis conditions is because when the left fails, anger becomes a force of Nazism.

So I'm going to say it one more time because it's very important. The reason why we are making proposals that are being discussed on TV is not because we believe that the exploitation of man by man, the whole dream of capitalism will go away with the executioner or with Odysseus. But it does mean that the only way to have the possibility of a prospect of overthrowing capitalism is to show our people what can be done within this rotten system which the oligarchs and their horde of hordeynats do not even do that.

Our goal is One. After we have put the NO in the Parliament, after we have put the NO in the Parliament, after we will return stronger together with our comrades from the popular unity, from other areas and movements of the left, stronger, much stronger in the next Parliament, the next day to build the foundations for the new great left party that will aim to govern. Not just not just to protest, to govern. The only way to do that is to explain to people the tools we will use from day one.

Dimitris Koutsoumbas asked me indirectly through a speech. Will poverty go away whether we have the demitra or not, no, poverty will not go away. But you know it will go away 2 billion euros that you are currently giving to the bankers to make transactions. It is not a first step, a first step, because when the bankers take from the people 2 billion a year, every time you pay with a debit card they keep €1 €2 half a euro 2 billion is that. You know what 2 billion is. It's weapons in the hands of the oligarchy against the people. We won't give them, we'll take these away with the executioner, will the executioner bring socialism? Of course not. Because it will bring socialism to get out of the European Union as the KKE says. I grew up and many of you outside the European Union and we had brutal capitalism outside the European Union. It is not enough to get out of the euro or to get out of the European Union.

Look. I'll say it one more time. The art of politics, and in particular the art of left-wing politics, of progressive politics, is the art of creating conditions for the Majority that will be liberated from the narrative of the oligarchy, from the narrative that there is no alternative, What are you talking about? To untie itself and so that a governing majority can be created. That is the art. To do that, to be able to do that, we have to take the people with us by showing them what are the tools that we will use on day one, In a month to 2 months, to 5 months. And what is the ultimate goal.

On the first day the first day, Ulysses Demeter Energy Stock Exchange and Tax Day One. Go first week not to exaggerate what that means? We abolish Hercules, the buying and selling of red loans. We create the public red loan management company, a bill.

Secondly, we're passing the demitra so that you can do free transactions and get an equivalent interest rate on your deposits much higher than what Eurobank, Piraeus Bank and so on give you.

Thirdly VAT from 24 to 15%. It is not possible to have 24% higher VAT in the European Union. The most broken and bankrupt economy in the eurozone.

Finally, tax payments. Abolition of the energy exchange, that coffee shop we were talking about before. The first thing you do is you put a cap of 5%, 5% above the average of the average cost of production, so what do you do is you calculate? We know this RAE with this trivial energy regulator, every day they issue a rap sheet telling you what the average cost of production was, meaning if you put hydro which is zero, water flows turn, Turbine generated electricity free wind turbine free or Solar free. Good. Gas high. You add up all the units. You multiply each unit by the cost, the average cost of each unit so and you come up with a sum what the average cost of producing a kilowatt hour across the country is and you say retail will be that number plus 5%. Get a 5% profit. Why is it a little bit? Do you know? Do you know any shopkeepers who have a profit of more than 5%? They got 200 and 300 and 400%, 5% on the first day of that. The first day you don't need, it's not, it's not, it doesn't take a lot of philosophy to do that. On the first day it puts a 5% cap on the overhead relative to the average cost of production and then from there you start the process of putting back together all the pieces of the PPP that were broken. PPP, ADMIA small PPP and all the others, all the other little pieces that the single public electricity company broke into. You create a common entity and you make big investments in cooperation with foreigners if necessary in green energy, in the production of green hydrogen from floating wind turbines produced in the country, in Northern Greece they are floating between Thrace Kavala and Cyclades and they produce excess electricity, which is converted into green hydrogen, here is a development plan.

These first 100 days are the 100-day program. At the same time collective agreements in every sector of work. You're reinstating the social security system. Bring back the twelfth and thirteenth and fourteenth wage.

You double the cost of the national health care system and don't tell me where we're going to get the money? It's not much. It's really not much. Think about it. The entire Greek state pays for the national health system five and a half billion is nothing. If you think that private people pay around 10 billion out of their own pockets, private people, private doctors, because if there is no primary care it will go to the private person. We know the private sector, it is highly inefficient in health care. We saw it in the video, they needed them when there was a real crisis. Healthcare we all went to public hospitals as it happens and when it goes to your heart you go to private, slowly you go to private it will slaughter you. You go public the substandard public will save you though. Well and an order of magnitude to link it to Hercules again I say it and I say it again, I have a hair on my tongue. As the Greek people, we have been guaranteed by our political leadership to guarantee the predatory funds 23 billion euros, a minimum profit, that is, if they do not make a profit of 23 billion euros, you will give it to them, you will borrow it from foreign lenders, the European Central Bank, the Troika and so on to give it to them. 23 billion. So don't tell me we are going to double the NHS spending from five and a half to 10.

After 100 days. Here we need to have a long discussion. All of us. On Day 25 we have laid out some basic parameters of what it means to transition from capitalism to a non-exploitative society, say Socialist. I don't use the word socialism, but it doesn't come out very easily as long as there is a national socialist movement. I remember now the pachos coming out at congresses and saying here we are all Socialists and I can't have a problem. When I hear the Syriza people saying to each other, comrade. I can't call you comrades, so I call you comrades, I can't help it, I'm in shock, it's a psychological shock of mine so I don't know you.

But the principle is simple. We want public services and public goods to come out of what we call the public domain. Consultative councils of conscripts and elected citizens. Shall I give you an example? Media. What is being done and we all take it for granted. And SYRIZA does it SYRIZA made it legal, we have 5 channels, 5 frequencies and they do, it says auction auction auction, as if you're selling artwork for the frequencies. Who will buy the frequencies in an auction auction, you oligarchs will buy the frequencies, you can buy a frequency, you who are here of the media of the Kavala region, you can buy a nationwide frequency, no. Vardinoyannis will buy it. Pigeon will buy it and why will he buy it? He cares about your information, no, he cares about one thing, that you don't know what he's doing. Don't find out what he is doing to have journalists who will lose their wages If they tell you what Peristeris, Giannis, Mytilinios is doing to beesanides and Alafouzos. So no more auctions for the frequencies. Each frequency to be given to a cooperative company that is governed by a discretionary body. In other words, there should be programming. We want a channel that has a greater emphasis on sport, a channel that has a greater emphasis on culture, a channel that has information. A channel that has a greater emphasis on cinema, I am now saying so in the visual arts. And then, an Assembly, a consultative council, where the majority is drawn, not elected, not appointed by the parties. There is also 1/3 appointed by the parties in proportion to the strength of the parties in the House. This consultative conference, the Council decides on the distribution of channels. This controls the boards. This appoints boards of directors. You see what the bottom line is here? Neither oligarch nor minister. I don't want to be in a government where the Minister of Propaganda decides who the President of ERT is. The chairman of the MEA. Just like I don't want bardinoyannis deciding what MEGA says, I don't want me and the Prime Minister deciding what ERT or mega says. Neither capital nor bureaucrat.

This is for the public sector, for universities, for hospitals. Imagine a nice conference made up of conscripted doctors from the national health system.  Be the one that appoints and dismisses hospital boards. What could be more beautiful than that? Without going through the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health gives the money. And it also does a general coordination. If you like the logistical infrastructure to buy centrally the state to reduce the prices of the logistical goods that are bought and are necessary as raw materials for the hospitals.

Going now to the private sector have you heard the principle of the day 25 alliance to break one worker, one share, one vote? Consider a change in corporate law very simple, which says that shares in the company are like student ID cards at university. You go to university, you write you've passed, you enter, they give you a student ID, you don't pay. You don't buy it, you can't sell it, you can't rent it. You can use it to fill it out and get books, vote in student elections. You can go online through your department's university website, readmagazines that the department has bought for you. Imagine if stocks were like that. If they weren't bought as if they were commodities and sold not rented and given to you. It's a vote to all the employees of a business, whether it's the top man or the clerk. That doesn't mean you get horizontalization but it does mean that the shareholder meeting, like now, you have a shareholder meeting that appoints the board of directors will be made up of all the employees.

Notice how revolutionary this would be technically legal to see this too simple, but it lives in corporate law. Who owns shares?First, the stock exchanges are abolished.
It's the stock exchange, it's a market in which shares are bought and sold. What if the shares are personal and they are not bought and sold? Gone are the stock exchanges instead of hello. There goes the money market.

Secondly, the labour market is abolished. There is no more boss and proletarian. When you're in a company of even 300 people, 30 people and you're all shareholders and he makes the decisions. No what you do the management together, together you elect the management. The management does the management but you decide as a General Assembly how to share the surplus of the business. Suddenly there is no profit and salary differentiation. There is no profit and no wages. There is a surplus. If the business hopefully makes 100 and its expenses are 80, there are 20 left and you shareholders decide those 20 how to distribute them? Can you divide it equally or can you say wait a minute here we have this lady here who, if we are all money, why is she writing the software? We'll give her more. That is decided democratically. And what does everyone get? Percentage of the surplus there is no profit and salary differentiation.

This is our vision. If you like, it's a vision that has worked for some years in Yugoslavia, in the good Yugoslavian period, before they started to borrow huge amounts of money after 1971, which resulted in the collapse of so-called self-managed socialism in Montragon, Spain. It can't happen tomorrow. But it is important to know the break and we are making it; what we are doing to stop the looting, to give a bigger piece of the pie to the many and take it from the authorities, because that also means redistributing power. You clip the wings of the oligarchs takes them to the media of mass deception, the frequencies. You give them to the entertainment, so all of a sudden people find out what's going on. Suddenly you have media outlets that inform where there is a real dialogue, there will be arguments, there will be disagreements, but disagreements on the issues that affect society, not cockfights that have a goal that we don't learn what oligarchs are doing against us. And always the rupture must be on the basis of a vision left without a vision from an expression of my grandmother is like meatballs without an onion, it is not possible. It has no reason to exist.

These elections will unfortunately be fruitless. In the sense that the next day within 2 days elections will be called again. The reason is, Mr Mitsotakis has said it, he does not want to co-govern, he wants to burn the simple proportional representation if he can. But SYRIZA is not interested in simple proportional representation either, despite the fact that they voted for it, they did not vote for it. It voted for it to put the brakes on Mitsotakis. Proof that it does not honor it is that for 2 years now we have been proposing a dialogue with Syriza with Koukue, with Antarsia, with all the even with PASOK I would turn my heart to stone and go. It would be a sacrifice, you know that, and it would be a sacrifice to be at the same table with Tsipras and with me, but we would do it because when you love and appreciate and believe in simple proportional representation, you cannot say what Akou says. I'm not talking to anybody. Come and talk, not agree. Let's talk, we say this about red loans. What do you say? And you know, it's interesting and this is interesting when it's not on the cameras, the cameras and the microphones are saying things. Yes, explore, we were telling them that we suggested that we explore in each other's shoes to see if there's room. Because with our Constitution, you know? It becomes an election Sunday through Wednesday. There has to be a government. It's impossible to do that exploration on all these issues, all these issues, tax, energy, education, health care.
Red loans and so on cannot be done in two and a half days at most to share a car, No ministerial limousine, that. And we're not interested in that. We didn't make day 25 to become ministers again, lest we save and become. And what do they tell us? Not the Communist Party, because for their own reasons, you are the mounds of capitalism. You are fifth column, SYRIZA no argument other than come after election Sunday to see what if you get into parliament. If possible. If it is to say it differently, O ideal VAT for the country depends on the rate of day 25? That is, the more you tell us basically the higher the percentage of day 25 the closer the VAT will go to the 15% you say. That's a joke, so it doesn't honor simple proportional representation, because to honor simple proportional representation you have to be prepared to sit around a table electorally, debate, debate, debate, record disagreements, folks. At least that's what we tell them not after what.

In fact, do you know what Alexis Tsipras and the leadership of SYRIZA is telling us? Go to the people and in Kavala Varoufakis was going to Kavala and I saw the people in the eyes. Talk to them about the break. That you will abolish the energy exchange that you will implement Demeter the Odysseus you will do all the things you say promise him to get their vote and then come and make me prime minister so I won't do any of that. That's the stupidity. Hey don't slaughter to be clear the day 25 alliance for the rupture there is absolutely no chance of giving a vote of confidence nor tolerance to a government involving SYRIZA and New Democracy and PASOK, which of them.

The story has ended, they closed the window, this window is not opening again. When especially after Tempe they dare to say that they will not nationalize the railways, when this crime was initiated by breaking the OSE into a company that had the rails and today the other company and the two bankrupt companies into another company that had the trains and the two bankrupt state-owned companies, one Greek, bankrupt and the other Italian, bankrupt, and SYRIZA comes out and says, we can't be, it's a European mandate. We can't nationalize OSE and they expect us to make them Minister and Prime Minister. When. When.

In conclusion. I don't want to bore you too much because we'll do this again in a month, right? They're going to burn the first election. We will not burn the second election, they will get a mandate from Brussels, especially from Frankfurt. Find them. If a bipartisan government emerges, if Mitsotakis, who has a tradition of defections from his father in '65, knows the art of what is in his dna, manages to corrupt PASOK to get some of them from there is the will and the Greek solution and whatever else he can find, and make 151 deputies, then we will have a Mitsotakis government again. So yes, if you can't, if you can't you have to get as many people as possible to vote day 25. That should be the message to people who are wavering between us and SYRIZA in the second round to get Mitsotakis out. It is a truth of arithmetic what I will tell you is a truth of arithmetic. A vote for SYRIZA raises the bar for Mitsotakis' self-reliance. The only way not to be. Mitsotakis is prime minister again is to strengthen the day. A vote for SYRIZA is also a numerically lost vote. You're not going to kick Mitsotakis out do you want him gone? Mitsotakis does not say Sunday the greater the percentage of day 25, the more frequent the chances of Kyriakos in how apostasy to stay again to reside in the maximu. We'll either have a two-party government if the numbers come out or more likely a three-party government. Mitsotakis will be gone. He's already got a job overseas because he's an SA, the man's a Mackenzie CEO, he's going to NATO, he's going to Coleman Sachs, he's going to go somewhere lucky. And then there will be a government with a straw man. Remember Papademou? It'll be a Mr. Alivisatos, it'll be someone I don't know who, right? This government will be silenced by Syriza with Alexis Tsipras staying out of it, but holding all the strings to keep the Syriza people moving.

We will be the axiomatic opposition in that parliament and we will be exposing them on a daily basis and it will be the springboard so that on day 25 the Alliance for Breakthrough will become the majority current. Get ready for good things starting tonight today in these days in this election. Thank you very much.
