Thank you very much for this warm welcome and, first and foremost, for your support of our great party, New Democracy. You have given us excellent percentages, allowing us to reach 40% nationally, increase our percentages from what we achieved in 2019, and look to the future with even more optimism. Now that we have set the bar high, we know that we must work even harder to win the ballot on June 25th with an even higher percentage, securing self-reliance, which is a prerequisite for a stable and strong government to continue the important work we have done over the past four years, my friends.

I have to tell you, friends, that the election result may have surprised many people, but it did not surprise me. I know very well that in this election, the paradigm of politics has changed. The citizens said no to toxicity, vulgarity, and division. They rewarded unity, hard work, a well-founded programmatic discourse, and, above all, measurable results.

Because if there is one thing we can be proud of, my friends, it is that despite the great difficulties that we have faced over the past four years - and there have been many - we have managed to keep all of our key election commitments, most importantly the ones we made on the economy. We said we would cut taxes and we have cut taxes and contributions, just as we had committed to during the election. This tax cut was accompanied, ladies and gentlemen, by a boom in investment, which has enabled the country today to have growth rates that are now much higher than the European Union average. And this is of particular importance because if we do not have high growth rates, my friends, we cannot reduce unemployment, we cannot look forward to more and better-paid jobs, and there will also be no surplus to support health, to support education, and to stand by society in every contingency. And we have had many contingencies - as you know - in the last four years.

And this economic policy, I would say its success is also reflected here in your region. New productive investments that have come to Stylida and the wider region of eastern Fthiotida have created jobs. In combination - and the Mayor is right to say this - with unprecedented support from local government, which has enabled you to access financial instruments to carry out important infrastructure projects that improve the quality of life of all residents.

And of course, there is an important development project underway, which is none other than the new commercial port of Stylida. We will include this project in the Recovery Fund, and when completed, it will give new prospects to the port of Stylida. This will allow for the importation of important products from the wider region and mainly for exportation. Speaking of ports, I remember meeting with our elected candidates Christos, Giannis, George, and the rest of the electorate in Agios Konstantinos a few months ago. We promised that the port would be delivered on time, and we kept our commitment. The citizens know this, which is why when we present our program speech for the next four years, we do so with a reserve of credibility. We know that what we say today is part of the 'truth agreement' that we are called upon to reaffirm.

And this "truth deal," which is based first and foremost on trust between citizens and the political system and political representatives, I am not prepared to negotiate. We have a well-worked-out plan for the economy that is costed. Why is it costed? Because it is part of the medium-term program that we have already sent to the European Union. We know that we can spend nine billion over the next four years and finance the interventions that we have committed to. And we are absolutely sure that if we fall short, we will fall short for the better and not for the worse, as we have always exceeded the targets we set.

And every time we exceeded the targets, we said, "Very well, we have a surplus which is a growth surplus" - notice, not a tax surplus. We didn't crush the middle class, the farmers, or the freelancers with taxes. "We're going to return this growth surplus to society and support those who need it most." We did this, for example, just before the elections, with the extraordinary support for those who have been crushed by the personal difference of the Katrougalos law, and we said that we will continue to support these pensioners until the personal difference is erased. And this is the big difference, friends, of a party that emphasizes growth with a social dimension and knows that in order to distribute wealth, you must first create it. We create new wealth and then come to distribute it fairly to society, but also to support society whenever there is a real need.

And I remember very well the discussions we had at headquarters and with Christos during the pandemic. We had to spend tens of billions of euros to keep businesses alive, support workers, production, and the primary sector. The primary sector has never before received such support from a government, both due to Covid and Ukraine. We know that in difficult and unexpected situations, the state must be close to its citizens.

And we achieved this - which is another important success of economic policy - without compromising fiscal stability. Because one thing you can be sure of with this government is that we paid our debts. We are well aware of how traumatic the experience of the memoranda was, and we know that fiscal stability is non-negotiable. The country will never again return to the dark ages of needing foreign support to survive; we will stand on our own. We will soon regain investment grade status with a strong and self-reliant New Democracy government.

This has a special meaning for everyone. It is important because once we regain our investment grade, the cost of borrowing will decrease for businesses, households, and the Greek Republic itself. It will also be a vote of confidence for investors who want to invest in Greece but may still be cautious. The best is yet to come for the economy - growth, jobs, and better wages - but only if on the evening of June 25th, the map of Greece is blue again and New Democracy has a strong presence in the next Parliament.

And if the law of enhanced proportional representation had been in force during the previous elections, which will be implemented again in the elections on June 25th, the country would already have had a strong government. However, all I am asking is that we go back to doing exactly what we did on May 21st and more, to have an even higher percentage and to close once and for all this traumatic cycle of simple proportional representation, which undermines the foundations of the stability of the political system. We warned about these problems of proportional representation in good time. We had warned that there was no chance of a government emerging from these parties.

Some people did not listen to us. Now I have heard Mr. Tsipras say "mea culpa", "sorry", that is, for the simple proportional representation. Look, if Mr. Tsipras starts the mea culpa, I do not know where he will stop. Because he has a lot of mea culpa to say. He has a lot of mea culpa to say for deceiving the Greeks, for the lies with which he has once again fed the citizens in this election period. He should say a mea culpa for the toxicity and the black propaganda with which he bombarded us in the previous election campaign. I am here and I am speaking in a predominantly rural area and I remember - you will remember it too - a spot that Syriza put out before the last election, with a farmer in a semi-truck carrying some artichokes, and even the artichokes were black.

And I asked myself, "Is this the image of Greece today?" I am not saying that we have solved all the problems of the primary sector. But here, you have given me a very nice basket with your quality olives. They are nice, standardized, with a designation of origin, and with good prices abroad. This is not the picture that the opposition presented before the elections - of a black Greece in which almost all the citizens are starving and suffering. We are not saying that we have solved all the problems, friends, but there is certainly no doubt about one thing, and the citizens confirmed it in the ballot box on May 21st: Greece in 2023 is in a much better state than it was in 2019, and the best is still ahead of us.

Therefore, this ballot is crucial. It is crucial that no vote is lost because you know very well that even with the possibility of more parties in Parliament, the bar for self-reliance is raised. That is why we need a very strong percentage, an even better percentage than the one we achieved in the May 21 elections, to have the strong self-reliance that is a prerequisite for us to make the great changes that the country needs. We have a program, not just costed but presented in great detail, from the previous elections, for a Greece that is productive, fair, social, digital, and environmentally green because Greece is blue, all of Greece is blue politically.

For a Greece that is safe and strong as well. The strength of our country abroad, the opinion, position, and credibility of our country count more in Brussels today, ultimately reflecting on all of your lives. This is how we secured additional financial resources from the Recovery Fund. Remember Mr. Tsipras' infamous negotiation in Brussels in 2015, when he told us that he negotiated for 17 hours and loaded us with the unnecessary third memorandum.

And I negotiated for five days in 2020 to bring back 31 billion euros from the Recovery Fund for my country. That's money that didn't exist. This money will be used to build the port of Styida. It's just one example of how this money has a real impact on your daily life. Another example is the new NSRF and CIP of the Region, which have significantly increased. Some people negotiated this in the European Union, and because Greece has credibility today, it can claim more from Europe.

And of course, because Greece has credibility today, you can be absolutely sure and confident that it can also defend a patriotic foreign policy, with greater confidence and with greater certainty. Yesterday, we had an important development in Europe. After many negotiations, the new framework of regulations governing asylum and immigration was agreed upon. And for the first time, the specificity of the countries on the external borders of the European Union has been recognized. Interventions such as the need for mandatory solidarity in the management of the refugee problem were accepted. Greece played its part in all of this, but it did so from a position of strength. Because when in 2020 some people tried to make our borders a "sieve", we put up a wall and said, "We will not allow this to happen," and we secured the borders of our country, which are also the borders of Europe.

So, friends, all of this must be weighed by citizens in the lead-up to the ballot box in 16 days. What kind of economy do we want? How do we continue dynamic growth? How do we improve wages? There is a big debate about wages, and I understand it completely. I often meet young people who say to me, "Wages in our country are still low," and they are right. Yes, I tell them, but we were the ones who raised the minimum wage from 650 euros to 780 euros. So when we say it will go up to 950 euros, we have credibility and can achieve it. However, wages will only increase with good investments, such as those being made. As unemployment decreases, the bargaining power of workers will increase, and wages will rise. There is no other magic solution.

We know how to implement this policy, but we also understand that we must implement a policy with a social dimension. That is why, long before the recent tragic incidents involving the ambulance service, we stated that our primary concern is a modern National Health System that will provide quality healthcare services to all, regardless of their location. We discussed the need to improve ambulance response times and reduce wait times for regular surgeries. These are all programs that have been initiated by New Democracy, and we want you to know that the National Health System is a top priority for us. We will implement our plan for a new NHS, recruit more staff, including doctors and nurses, and allocate resources from the Recovery Fund to construct health centers and emergency departments in our hospitals. We will also support the establishment of Personal Doctors.

In a moment, we will go to Raches, to a model regional clinic - a model of how we understand the provision of healthcare in the region. But at the same time, we will also strengthen preventive examinations, which are so important because prevention is what ultimately saves lives. We know very well that when we can prevent a disease, we are in a much better position to cure it than when the patient arrives at the hospital overworked and with an advanced disease.

So, friends, we will vote for all of this. We will vote for our future, better wages, better healthcare, and better education for the children on the balcony who are in tutorials and preparing for their national exams. We want these children, who will attend public universities, to know that they will receive a degree that will impact the labor market and enable them to find a good job. We believe in public universities with libraries, not sledgehammers. We want children to attend good universities that provide safe, quality education, are market-connected, and offer degrees that count and have a bearing on the job market.

So, for all of these things, we will vote in the ballot box on June 25th. Let me remind you from Stylida: the ballot box is empty. The percentage that we received in the May 21st elections is not a given, is it? We must all go and vote again, and possibly bring some people who have not yet decided to vote for us, so that on the evening of June 25th, the Greek people will have sent a clear message: we want New Democracy to be strong and to continue on the path of uplifting the country. That is the message we will send. But one last thing, which is important: a strong New Democracy does not mean an arrogant New Democracy. The stronger the mandate we receive on the evening of June 25th, the greater the responsibility that falls on our shoulders to be humble and to work even harder to solve your problems.

And I want you to know that this is my commitment, my commitment to a life attitude, a political behavior attitude. If you honor us with your trust, know that we will repay you in full. We will take Greece much further forward, steadily, boldly, for a better Greece, for a more prosperous Greece, for a more stable Greece. Be well, thank you very much, good strength, good luck, good fight with many more elected deputies here in Fthiotida. We are also fighting this race, again and again, and with victory. Be well, thank you very much, thank you for this very nice reception.