That is why, in the new appointment that we have on May 21 - if I may use the term, it is a historic appointment, an appointment with history anew - we want to invite all democratic and progressive citizens to be there for this appointment. To say together the big YES to Change. The big YES to cooperation. The big YES to security, certainty and stability. The big YES to progress and development of the country. To a Greece that will once again become a model of democracy for all of Europe and the world. All of us, democrats and progressive citizens, I believe that we have a responsibility and an obligation: on Sunday night, May 21, the oligarchs, the powerful, the establishment should not celebrate again, but the Greek people should take to the streets and celebrate. And we know that this will only happen with a great victory for SYRIZA, which will also be a victory for our people, a victory for democracy and justice. A victory that will pave the way the next day for the formation of a government of progressive cooperation. You know that elections by proportional representation are not elections of loose votes. They are elections that will produce a government for the next four years. On May 21, we will vote for the government that will govern us for the next four years. And, as everything indicates, the first and third parties will be able to form a government on May 22, since they will probably - I often say probably - have a parliamentary majority.  That is why SYRIZA's first place in the May 21 elections is a crucial condition. It is a precondition for political change. And a precondition for the formation of a government of progressive cooperation. Which we want, of course, to be supported by as many progressive forces as possible, but above all to be supported by every democrat and progressive citizen in our country. So that together we can change the country. To change our lives. To bring democracy back to power and justice everywhere. In the lives of all of us.