Citizens of Piraeus, thank you very much for this overwhelming welcome. A very big thank you from the bottom of my heart for this love, for this strength that you give me, for this strength that you give us. Because wherever we meet and wherever we stand these days, a great feeling comes out of ordinary everyday people: That's enough! Enough is enough...!Enough is enough with the deception. Enough of the targeting. Enough with the indifference. Enough of arrogance. Enough with the familialism. Enough of obscenity. The time has come for the Greek people to vote to put an end to this four-year period of deception, indifference, arrogance and targeting of ordinary, everyday people.

I want to tell you with great sincerity that I am very, very proud, very happy, I feel very honoured that I am going to fight this great battle for the first time as a candidate here in the Piraeus region.Piraeus is the city of great social struggles, Piraeus is the great working city, the first port of our country. It was in this place, in this city, that the 1st Panhellenic Labour Congress, the 1918 Congress of the GSEE, was completed in your Municipal Theatre. Here the Socialist Workers' Party was founded, here great struggles of our people took place with the working class in the front line, but also with the outward-looking small and medium-sized entrepreneurship. Here, during the difficult years of the occupation, the people of Piraeus fought on the front line for the freedom and prosperity of our people.This is where steel was bound, because they say that Piraeus is - and indeed it is - the city of the miracle of shipping, but this miracle happened because some people bound steel in the machine shops and in the shipyards, the workers, the people of toil, the people of creation.

That is why it is a great honour for me to fight this battle with you. Piraeus has always been at the forefront of the struggles, at the forefront of the struggles for justice and for the change that the country needs so much.And we will give the message of victory from our rally today and through our efforts until the polls to be the first party in Piraeus and in all of Greece, because this will pave the way for the formation of a progressive government next election.

I want to say a few words from the heart to the citizens of Piraeus today about how I perceive this critical electoral situation, about this critical electoral battle, about the struggle we are waging, about the effort we are making to change things.Because for four years now - I heard a word here: "calamity" - the government of Mr Mitsotakis has failed in all the critical issues it came to face. It has failed in the pandemic with a heavy toll of blood. 37,000 of our fellow citizens lost their lives, the National Health System was shattered, we have the worst rates in the whole of Europe in terms of human losses in proportion to our population.

It has failed miserably to tackle the energy crisis. We are the country with the most expensive electricity price in Europe, we are the country with the most expensive petrol price in Europe. It has failed to tackle the inflationary crisis; for the second year, supermarket prices are prohibitive; food inflation is at 14%; it has widened inequalities, it has targeted working people by abolishing institutions that have always been in line with working people and labourers. It allowed unpaid overtime, it abolished the 8-hour day in practice.It targeted young people, at first by saying that they were responsible for the spread of the coronavirus, by putting barriers to their access to higher education in universities with the minimum entry basis, by putting obstacles to work with the flexibilisation of work, by making it impossible for them to fulfil their dreams in this country.

This government has deceived and targeted the vast majority of the Greek people. It deceived the middle class, remember what Mr Mitsotakis said in 2019 when he was running for Prime Minister? That he would support the middle class. And today it is the middle class that needs vouchers to survive. Vouchers to go to the supermarket, vouchers to go to the petrol station to fill up with petrol, vouchers to pay for electricity. Our whole life has become a pass.Pass-everywhere, but nowhere to go!And it's time to give Mitsotakis a pass.It's time to go home!

But at the same time, my friends, at the same time that he targeted young people and workers, at the same time that he deceived the middle class, at the same time that he deceived the pensioners, the champions of work, that he said that he would support them and abolished the 13th pension - at the time he said it was a pittance, but he abolished it - he does not give the retroactive payments even though it is a decision of the Council of State. A total of 7 billion euros over the four years less in the pockets of pensioners.

This government that deceived and targeted and made the vast majority of households in the third week unable to pay their bills and go out of the house because income is being saved, has defiantly favoured a few and powerful people.Because at the same time that there is no income, 15 major companies listed on the Athens Stock Exchange are seeing record profitability over the last 20 years with over 1 billion in profits each. This is what we are saying that our life has become unfair and this injustice must be put to an end.We cannot have the powerful becoming more powerful, the middle class becoming poor and the poor becoming poorer. Because that is what has happened over these four years.

What else happened in those four years? During these four years we have seen the rule of law and every concept of the rule of law being destroyed by the illegal surveillance of the Prime Minister's office by the Prime Minister's nephew, by the illegal wiretapping. And we have seen them not hesitate in anything.No other government has behaved in this way to manipulate justice, to want to shape even the framework of the electoral contest, which parties will participate and which will not from the right-wing block of flats, supposedly in the name of excluding Kasidiaris, whom they have allowed for three years to campaign for elections from prison.

But yesterday a decision of the European Parliament came out, a decision that is a hell of a decision for the country and for Mr Mitsotakis. Because the European Parliament decided by a huge majority that Greece is unfortunately moving away from Europe, from the rule of law in Europe. Mitsotakis is a leader synonymous, identical to Orban of Hungary, a leader who has discredited the rule of law in Greece, and he is making recommendations to the European Parliament to restore legitimacy, democracy, the rule of law, to give breath to the independent authorities and to stop the NSA from monitoring citizens and especially the political opponents of the Prime Minister.This infernal decision is a decision that will accompany Mr Mitsotakis forever.

And I ask myself today: if after all they have done for four years they are given the opportunity to govern again, how exactly will they behave? What worse will they do to this country?That is why, friends, that is why, citizens of Piraeus, the elections of May 21 are not elections of loose votes, they are elections that will decide the next four years of our lives. They are elections that will either give a prospect of hope, a way out, a breath of life, or in the name of a loose vote will enable those who have committed crimes against democracy itself to continue to commit crimes.

Citizens of Piraeus, I am sure that the overwhelming majority of the Greek people do not want this situation that has prevailed for these four years to continue. I am sure that many people want change, they want a change above all in their lives and in the government, but also in their lives, a breath of fresh air, a perspective, and there is only one way to make this change happen: by voting on May 21 with SYRIZA as the first party in the elections, which will pave the way for the formation of a progressive government.A few days ago we published what we called "Contract for Change", 11 articles that concern our lives above all else, concern the future of the country and are at the same time a proposal to all democratic, progressive citizens to know on the 21st of May when they vote for SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance what they are voting for. But it is also a proposal to all the progressive forces of the country to consider that despite the differences we have, we really do have, the crucial thing is whether this government, this government that has shrunk the rights of the vast majority of the social majority, that has destroyed the rule of law, that has created conditions of terrible inequalities, will continue to govern with our tolerance, our inability to find a framework of understanding, will continue to govern with our tolerance, our inability to find a framework of understanding.

Because for us, the simple proportional representation is not an electoral system, which we introduced, we introduced it only to have equality of votes, of course, and that's why. But we introduced it so that everyone can take responsibility for how the country will be governed the next day.Mr Mitsotakis says that he will not use simple proportional representation, and I personally do not believe that. If he comes even half a point ahead in this electoral battle, he is bound to try to form a government by any means, whether by pressure, blackmail or defections, as this family is well known to do. The only way to thwart this plan is to vote for Syriza. SYRIZA first and the way will be opened for the government of progressive cooperation.

But I also want to address the other progressive forces, mainly PASOK and the KKE. I want to address them, because I understand that these are days of competition, but it is not possible to choose an unhistorical tactic of two-faced equation; it is not possible to repeat the mistakes of the past, which have cost the country, society and the popular movement so much, of the logic of "what is Plastira, what is Papagos". And if anyone can save the people, it is unity. The unity of the progressive democratic forces.

And I want to address Mr.Androulakis who insists on an untruthful two-front, at the same time as he tells us that he is the exclusive owner and heir of Andreas Papandreou's legacy. But Papandreou never had a two-front, he had one front: the Right. So we have one front, the worst right-wing government since the post-war period, the government of Mr Mitsotakis.We call on progressive citizens to consider how crucial this contest is and how important it is for SYRIZA to win the first place, despite the fact that we have a simple proportional representation. Because this is the only way to turn the page and move forward to the prospect of a government of progressive cooperation that will bring change in our lives.

Our programme is an 11-point programme, but I want you to keep in mind four main points. By voting for SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance you are voting for a wage increase, price reduction, debt regulation and for a fair and effective state next to the citizen.But let me say a few words about this fair and effective state next to the citizen. Let me say a few words because I think the worst thing that has happened over the years is that the National Health System has been discredited, our universities and our schools have been discredited and I think that an even worse thing that has happened is that we are back to the days of the booty state, the blue state.They have taken over this state as blue locusts. They doubled the temporary employees, put their own people in all the PPOs, doubled the salaries, gave themselves bonuses of millions. They went so far as to take advantage of the pandemic condition to give over 10 billion euros in direct contracts and closed tenders to companies they were building three days before the tender.

Unfortunately, however, we have reached a tragic development, which has highlighted this crime against the state: the tragic accident at Tempe with the 57 dead. The tragic tragedy of the tragic accident at Tembi, which led to the tragic tragedy of the Tembes accident, which was caused by the tragedy of the tragedy of the Tembes tragedy, which resulted in the tragic tragedy of the tragedy of the Tembes. A man untrained, unskilled and with no previous experience; they told a pack of lies. They said that it was supposedly the fault of the government that was four years ago, they said that supposedly those antiquated consoles in Larissa were telecommand, while the telecommand burned down in 2019 after the elections and none of them rushed to replace it.They told a bunch of lies to escape responsibility. Because a key characteristic of Mitsotakis, apart from not caring, is that he is also the Prime Minister of no responsibility. There were 10 million individual responsibilities in the pandemic, only the responsibility of the Prime Minister was missing. He attempted to do exactly the same in the tragic case of Tempe.

But why do I say this and remind you of it? Because ten days ago, after Tempe, they did something worse to prove that they perceive the state as their own property. They made an appointment outside the CSE, to the OSE! The offspring of the chief trade unionists of the DAKE; that is their perception of the State. They believe that the state belongs to them. We are the only ones who can change this state because we believe that the state belongs to the people and should serve the people and not the selfish interests of a party nomenklatura, which will govern at any given time.

In the last few days, however, Mr Mitsotakis is either indulging in a black propaganda that seems to be addressed to the ignorant, to people without memory, he wants to convince us that if SYRIZA comes, we will see tragic misfortunes coming to the country.SYRIZA, which took the country out of the Memoranda, SYRIZA, which managed to keep the country in the markets, SYRIZA, which managed to leave 37 billion in the public coffers, according to Mr Mitsotakis. Is the Greek people forgetting who the party was, the party that bankrupted the economy and the country twice, once in 2009, leaving a 15% deficit, and once in 2015, when they left us with empty coffers and ruined public finances?We will not follow this black propaganda?We will not follow this black propaganda. We will not follow this logic, the logic that on the one hand considers people dumb, on the other hand despises them and gives young people 150 € to go and vote for him.The 18-year-olds have made their decisions and as long as he does this, worse they will react against the logic of contempt!I said this yesterday for the shot, don't make me repeat it. It was good!

But I want to say one more thing here, because it is not only black propaganda that really trivialises political dialogue. It is also the effort that they are trying to make these days to convince the Greek people that Syriza's programme supposedly costs... how much did they say? At first they cost 24 billion, then they said it was 45 billion, then they went on to say 80 billion. By the time of the elections they could reach 180 billion, you can be sure of that.But I want to ask how much does the programme that Mr Mitsotakis has been implementing for four years really cost? How much does the dismantling of the National Health System cost in human lives? How much does the devaluation of the National Socialist System cost in human lives? How much is the shrinking of labour rights costing lives? How much does the devaluation of young people, who cannot dream in this country and leave as immigrants abroad, cost?

We, on the other hand, I want to be honest: our programme has a cost, yes, it has a cost. It's going to cost a lot to the funds that will not be able to speculate by auctioning off the houses of the middle class, of the weak people.Yes, our program is going to cost a lot to the energy companies that have made over 6 billion in excess profits, and this party will be cut, it will be stopped. Yes, our programme will cost those employers who are picking up workers next to ministers and threatening them that if they don't vote for New Democracy they will lose the direct awards, which were over 10 billion. Yes, it will cost some people our programme if it is implemented and it will be implemented with the support of the Greek people.

I want to tell you, dear friends, citizens of Piraeus, that we are entering this final straight, this difficult and decisive battle and I want us to enter this battle with the awareness that this battle will be won by no one else but you. All of you; all of you who believe that we can build a better tomorrow for our country. All of you, who wish to end this widespread injustice, to bring back justice and prosperity. To bring about change. And we know and we can bring change; we are told by some that "you are asking for a second chance." We answer them: we ask for THE chance to govern on our program. Because for 4.5 years we have governed by coercion, not by our programme. That is why we say that yes, we know because we have learned from our mistakes. And we can, because now we will not govern together with the Troika, we will not govern with memoranda, but we will govern together with the Greek people to protect their interests, to put their "will" into practice.The dilemma of the ballot box is obvious. The dilemma of the ballot is: do we change or do we continue to sink?

Will we be able to have the possibility of a wage increase and price reduction to breathe or will the supermarket continue to be a nightmare for a few to speculate?We will see in the next period in our country the biggest redistribution of property since the 2nd World War and after, because 700.Will we impose, will we legislate a framework of regulations with haircuts and state support, so that not only the weak, but also the middle class can save their property, real estate, their first home, their business premises, their farmland?These are the great dilemmas of the ballot box that we have before us. And these are the dilemmas that we want to put to the Greek people.

In addition to the 11-point programme, you should know that we have also prepared a legislative act. When? To be tabled on the first day, before the House of Assembly even opens for the formation of the progressive government, and this legislative act has three things:The first is what I just told you, which is that all auctions of first homes in the country will be cancelled, suspended until the plan that we presented a few days ago, which has the signature of a politician who identified her name with the protection of first homes during the difficult years of the memorandum, Lucas Katseli, is institutionalized, legislated.Therefore, the legislative act will have as its first article and we will never again see images like the one we saw the day before yesterday of the disabled 80-year-old man in Halkidiki who was evicted from his house because he was a loan guarantor for his unemployed son. We will not see such images of callousness again with a progressive government.

The second article in this legislative act will be the reduction of VAT to the lowest rate for foodstuffs, even to zero rate for basic necessities, and the reduction of the Special Consumption Tax to the lowest permissible level provided for by the European Union.

The third article of the legislative act that we are ready to table before we even take office is the abolition of the minimum entrance requirement to universities, to higher education, for children who are taking national examinations at this time, because we don't want our children to become a reservoir for the college masters to have a clientele. We want children who can have the opportunity to study in good public universities. 60,000 kids were cut in those three years. This bleeding will stop here.

We want you to bear in mind, friends, that our plan is both realistic and costed. It is a plan that can be put into practice and bring significant changes in people's lives and in their daily lives.Address yourselves with determination, not only to progressive and democratic citizens, because I think that even conservative citizens cannot tolerate this situation. And it is not a question of whether one is right-wing, left-wing or centrist when they threaten to take away one's home, one's life, one's property. It is not a question of whether you are right, left or centre when you cannot leave your house for the third week because your income is being saved.This time we want to address all Greeks and all Greeks and tell them that we know that we can make the change they dream of, the change we all need. To move forward with unity, with dignity, with pride, to rebuild our homeland, a homeland of justice and prosperity.

So, and I close with this, the dilemma of the ballot box is ultimately one: Mitsotakis again or Change? Mitsotakis again or Syriza-Progressive Alliance? I am sure that your answer, and that of the majority at the ballot box, will be SYRIZA first, a victory for SYRIZA, a victory for Democracy, a victory for our people, a victory for our people to bring justice back to this country, and a victory for SYRIZA in Piraeus! Our goal is obviously to be first in Piraeus to give the message of change from the ballot box of the simple proportional representation. Good strength and good races. On the evening of May 21, may our people celebrate, not the cartels, not the powerful, not the interests. May the democratic people of Piraeus, the democratic people all over Greece celebrate.Good strength and victory.Goodbye.