Friends. Thank you very much for your moving presence here in Pyrgos, which proves that the train of the democratic party is back on the tracks of change, hope and perspective for all Greeks. This party? Where our founder Andreas Papandreou came from many decades ago, the party that created the National Health System, the party. That brought social justice and national dignity to the country, that united the Greeks, that stopped discrimination based on political affiliations and economic status. Religion this party it is time to lift the country up again a country that now for many years, whether through the economic crisis, the pandemic, or the energy crisis, is constantly experiencing the decline of thousands of Greek children left abroad. Production, the cost of production has gone through the roof. Inequalities are escalating and of course. Disillusionment is taking root again.

Every day more and more people are becoming averse to politics, especially the younger generations. Why should we vote in elections? Why participate in a game that offers no solutions? Here, then, is a glorious field of glory to rebuild a new relationship of trust with the Greek youth, with all Greeks, to prove that we are not all the same. We have nothing to do either with Mr Mitsotakis's New Democracy, which serves the domestic elite faithfully, or with Mr Tsipras's populism, which has betrayed the expectations of the Greek people by saying things. Which he himself did not believe, but then to take the blame off himself, he said they were delusions.

Friends. May 21 we are fighting a very big fight. A fight that we call on every citizen to make a decision for change. Many of you believe that it is weak, impossible to make again a strong welfare state like the one of the 80s and 90s with a strong NHS with a strong public education. Even more people believe that it is impossible to stop the bureaucracy and the client state. Thousands of young people believe that fair development is impossible and that it is always a game of growth for the few. For the powerful. So give me, on 21 May, the power to make the impossible possible together with all of you, together with all the progressive, democratic people of the country. So I call on the people not to make a decision again. Of the same but to give us the hope and the strength to build a modern country, a normal European country, not a country of lost opportunities.

So I want us to remember what our political opponents have offered. And why are we credible and they are credible? Not because no one can say that they did not know that we have all governed, both PASOK and New Democracy and Tsipras and Kammenos. We all know now what they did to the country and what they did not do. So let us look at what Mr Mitsotakis has done. He came to power in 19, saying that he would confront the institutional acrobatics and games of Mr Tsipras. What did we see? We saw him go through with the pandemic and instead of the country pouring money from the Recovery Fund, it's not our taxes, it's European taxpayers' taxes, money that came as subsidies to bear the 32 billion pandemic season. So instead of supporting the national health system, he left. To have a complete degradation with health workers struggling and nothing better than what we have experienced in previous years with very large health gaps and a very weak primary health care system.

What else have we seen in terms of accuracy? But accuracy for all of us, not for the oligarchs. The PPC's tariffs. With billions of subsidies from the pockets of the Greek people, it supported the oligarchic energy producers and at the same time made them earn more in the energy crisis than in previous years. And we, of course, had tariffs that we thought were lower than those of the first few months, while in fact they were subsidised by the taxes of the Greek people. Controls on the market, what controls on the market? No controls on the market, few controls on the market, and even today there is enormous obscenity at the expense of the consumer.

And of course the phenomena of corruption. Mr Mitsotakis that he is a government of the unqualified. Mr. Patsis was an aristocrat who bought the red loans of the Greek people in order to speculate. It was a matter of corruption. Or of a proper state? The issue of the eavesdropping parastate, where it was amply demonstrated that he was monitoring me, his ministers and the heads of the armed forces in a European state in 2023, and even instead of proceeding with the investigation of the case, he completely covered up his closest collaborator, his nephew, in which European country have we seen such a parastate operating today, exposing the country internationally? And to say that he is a worthy European politician and, a month ago, to ban his ministers from meeting the European institutions in Athens, exposing the country to the extent that Hungary and Poland are exposed, is a disgrace for a normal European country that respects the separation of powers and democracy.

But is that not all? The banks what did Mr Mitsotakis do? Billions in excess profits for the banks allowed deposit rates with mortgage rates. To be the highest in differential in all of Europe, to the detriment of the customer consumer. And he said I can't do anything, I can't tax the excess profits. A few weeks ago the banks gave him a gift and for some borrowers they fixed the interest rate. The mortgage. So why didn't we do what the Spanish did? By enabling the banks and with political pressure to reduce the difference in interest rates and support consumers in the most difficult time of the energy and economic crisis. Simply because Mitsotakis does not have priority. The citizens. The many. Mr. Mitsotakis has only one priority, the chair, power and the support of the oligarchs who coddle him from the media.

But. We also had the tragic issue of Tempe. Yes. One of your fellow men lost his life. What was the tragedy of Tempe? Timeless responsibilities? So they were taught to have a political ethos of spreading the blame so that nothing changes in the country, so that we live in groundhog day, so that everything is always the same. It's not timeless blame, it's just the way things are. Even the three-member committee appointed by Mr Mitsotakis to investigate the tragedy of Tempe, where 57 people lost their lives unjustly, ultimately said Mr Voridis and Mr Georgiades, who had the audacity to mock the citizens on the television channels that the transfer of the stationmaster was illegal. So who, Mr Mitsotakis, is it that made this illegal transfer, so that a man does not have the knowledge, the competence to be in this position? Who will be the protagonist behind the party buffoonery of New Democracy? But obviously if we had telecommuting we wouldn't have this tragedy. Why didn't we have telecommuting? Because quite simply. In 2014 we signed a contract our state. It was taken by a contractor. The contract was about 43 million euros, all European money. The contract reached 55 million euros. And with Mr. Tsipras took as Mr. Mitsotakis 7 transfers, the implementation of the project. As a result the project was never implemented. So when the European Union gives 55 million euros to preserve the safety of citizens on the railways? And you do nothing? Are you politically accountable? But there is something much worse.

We highlighted that in October 21 the independent Transparency Commission sent a document to the Ministry of Infrastructure. Which clearly told Mr. Karamanlis who are responsible from 2 successive governments, who are responsible for not implementing the Convention to have telecommunications and avoid the tragedy? And when we asked Mr. Karamanlis. What did you do with this document? His answer was not that I took it to the courts, as would be the case in any state that respects its citizens, but his answer was that I did not know of the existence of the document and this gentleman adorns the ballot papers of New Democracy with contempt for the intelligence of the Greek people.

Friends. But what is the alternative? Why, with all this, hasn't Mitsotakis already fallen? Why hasn't New Democracy already fallen? Because, quite simply, many citizens. They fear the return of Mr Tsipras. So that is why today and here from the Tower we say give us the power to put the two tragic protagonists of the last 8 years in the dustbin of history. And why don't people trust Mr. Tsipras and what he didn't make fake referendums in '15 to make the yes yes no yes in a few hours. Saying for 7 months that he negotiated the debt and not bringing a fair solution to the debt that could avoid closing the banks and losing billions of your taxes to support the system.

What else was there no corruption with his closest associate. Mitsotakis got ahead of it and covered it up. I hope in the next government. That I want us to be strong, to have a commission of inquiry that will take Mr Demetriades where he needs to go, without being able to invoke a supposedly confidentiality. The secrecy of the New Democracy parastate. Mr Tsipras did not get the chance because the government changed even though he changed the law on the responsibility of politicians so that Mr Pappas could be on the ballot papers. And his close and stable collaborator was convicted by the Special Court with 13-0. For the illegal rigging of the TV licenses. So what did he want? Mr. Pappas, Mr. Tsipras to redistribute the TV landscape to their friendly oligarchs and I ask you? Which party in the country would he have on his ballot? Someone who is convicted 13-0 by the Special Court for such a huge scandal. Imagine if it were us. What would we have heard from Mr. Tsipras?

And of course, the seismicity. The well-known seismicity was also coming here all over Greece, in '12, '13, '14, and it was saying you owe, don't pay. I'm coming to bring the seismicity. What was Mr. Tsipras's Seisachathy? Did you see any adjustment to your loans? Mr. Tsipras' Seisachthia was today billions of euros of red loans from cooperatives from farmers from farmers from farmers from small and medium enterprises have been handed over to the funds to the crows that blackmail the Greek production that blackmail the Greek people to the crows that in 2015 took the red loans with Mr. Tsipras' signature with his own law and he has the nerve to say but I was pressured by the Troika. But the PASOK government with George Papandreou as Prime Minister was also pressured by the Troika, but we did not sell the red loans to the funds. We brought universal protection to the first home of the Greek with the 2010 law that Mr Mitsotakis killed 3 years ago.

So here is a battle of truth and populism. That is why we all have a duty to speak clearly and straightforwardly just before the national elections. Mr Tsipras is entitled to put me in a dilemma, saying that PASOK will go with New Democracy. Mr Tsipras, we have no right-wing factor on our ballot papers, neither Karamanlis, nor Samaras, nor Mitsotakis; the New Democracy of bankruptcy is something you should look for on your ballot papers with the orphans of Mr Kammenos and Mr Antonaros. This party has a value-based attitude. This party has spoken clearly against Golden Dawn from the very beginning. It did not fish in murky waters and it is even touching that one of the people who spearheaded our campaign in our campaign since 2010 against the neo-Nazi phenomenon was a fellow citizen of yours. Paul Athanasopoulos, who sadly passed away a few weeks ago. A right-wing pacifist, a true democrat. So we. We fought against Golden Dawn all over Greece. We did not coddle the phenomenon of murderers.

What did Mr Mitsotakis do? Yesterday Golden Dawn was condemned. Yesterday the murderers of Fyssa and the immigrants went to prison. Years have passed, I think. And what did he do during these years? Do you know what he did? He was looking at the polls. Mr Mitsotakis was saying. Kasidiaris has under 3%. It's fine for him to come down because the bar of self-reliance is falling more. He saw in the last few months that Kasidiaris has been rising, he says, "Oh, self-reliance is getting harder, they're getting into parliament. The law against Golden Dawn is the New Democracy of Mr Mitsotakis. But what is the Left of Mr Tsipras, what? I really want you to ask yourself if there is another left-wing party, in Europe, with the attitude that Mr Varoufakis' Mera 25 and Mr Tsipras' Syriza have towards the Nazis. One of whom even said what he said today? It would be better if they did not exist, but since they do. We cannot ban them from standing in the elections, and Mr Tsipras did not pass the law that should have been there to prevent Golden Dawn from descending. And I ask. What do they have to say? To the families of the victims. But isn't it just ideology? They are criminals, they are murderers who are in prison. Is it possible to have parties that fish in the murky waters of neo-Nazism, of murderers, and not have a clear stance on these phenomena? So that is why we do not receive lessons in progress, consistency and credibility from the left-wing chanting right-wing.

So that is why I want to send a message to the new generation here from Pyrgos in the prefecture of Elis. It is not an anti-systemic vote. It is a vote for the murderers of immigrants and Fyssa. It is not an anti-systemic vote, a vote for them. Who even today from the prisons praise Hitler who massacred the Greek people. That is not an antisystemic vote. An antisystemic vote is a vote for a party. One that has the courage to confront the economic establishment that is holding Greece back, tied back an antisystemic vote is a vote for a party that wants to confront the establishment, which does not want reforms that build a public administration with dignity, without corruption. That is the antisystemic vote and I really ask that they support our new effort because we are a party of antisystemic realism, not systemic mockery.

Friends. But let's see why PASOK? Why PASOK. It made mistakes, but what it did for the country is what it built. It is the contribution of the years of post-independence of this party to the great projects of the NHS, public education, independent authorities, the AΣEP and of course Diavgeia, so that the Greek people can see where their taxes go and corruption can be reduced. So now, just before the national elections. We are signing a new contract of honour with all Greeks and especially with the young and powerful PASOK.

On 21 May it means that we guarantee the next day that there will be a programme for the country of 150,000 social houses, which will house young couples and the poorest Greeks with very low rent and access to decent housing. I cannot accept your children. Go to Athens to study, but seeing the cost of rents again computerizing their dreams, we are the PASOK of strong public education and social development of citizens, especially the weakest.

Friends to see Mr. Mitsotakis' disregard for this very serious issue of the cost of living in the Recovery Fund. When Portugal included 20,000 homes. Spain 11,000 homes; Italy also around 10,000. New Democracy included 100 houses, 70 in Athens and 30 in Thessaloniki. And today it says it will create a special ministry for social housing when the Europeans were giving the money for it, it was acting like Pontius Pilate, and now before the elections it is starting to talk about rabbits and stones again, when it had the time and the money and did nothing.

Friends and friends. Private debt. It is a bomb on the foundations of society. The debts of the Greek people. We don't have a magic wand. But our proposals are clear. We are restoring the protection of the main house for indebted households, by updating the PASOK law of 2010. A similar regulation for the universal protection of agricultural property. We cannot allow the rural land to be left unoccupied. Protection of borrowers with Swiss Franc is 80,000 families throughout Greece, by limiting the borrower's liability to 1/3 of the interest rate increase and 2/3 will be charged to the bank. Substantial negotiation with the banks to take measures to eliminate and prevent interest rate increases, loans, weak households and of course reduce the banks' profit margin for consistent borrowers. Our priority is to regulate even the loans bought by the funds, the red loans, so that a second chance is given. To the citizens and to have redemptive solutions and not to be hostage to financial systems that are not interested in regulation. Because what do they want what they got 10 and 15% in value to sell 20 and 25% and get out of Greece? So we in Parliament have to legislate so that negotiations with the funds are done in a framework, as with the banks in the forefront and not with blackmail leading. Thousands of people to deadlock and tragedies.

Friends. The third point of convergence we propose is the national health system. George Gennimatas and Paraskevas Avgerinos founded the National Health System. Our generation has a duty to regenerate the national health system. Therefore, we propose to support the Recovery Fund, not 2-4%, as Mr Mitsotakis is doing because 2 is the real funds, the other 2% is for the energy upgrade of buildings, but with 8 to 10% of the funds to go for health strong primary health care that will reach the citizen's home in every case, immediate staffing of the hospitals of the NHS with permanent medical staff is required, as well as an increase in salaries. The doctors and health workers should be brought into line with the doctors of the European Union, because otherwise we will continue to study them in Greek universities, but they will choose to go abroad, because their salaries are much higher than in Greece, of course. Establishing social economic incentives to stop understaffing in the periphery. Finally, it is our commitment, we have tabled an amendment in Parliament. We hope and as a government we hope to make it a law inclusion in the heavy and unhealthy of all health workers and not only. Straws as they heard in the earlier period of the pandemic.

Friends, I cannot, here from Ilia, not refer to the agricultural issues of the whole country. We have said from Trikala that we must support agricultural production. For us, a sustainable development model is not to turn the whole of Greece into a vast hotel, but simply to strengthen tourism by interweaving the agricultural sector, agri-food, livestock farming and processing with all the hordes of tourists who come to Greece every year, otherwise only the entrepreneurs and the islands will benefit at the expense of the production of the rest of the country. What is our vision? A large part of these people to taste Greek products in Greece and then in the next few months to ask for them on the shelves of supermarkets in all the countries of the European Union and thus your products, the processed products to be internationally competitive, boosting exports and creating many good jobs throughout the Greek periphery so that the children of farmers stay here to produce wealth, to make families and finally to deal with the huge demographic issue of the country. That is a priority for us. So that is why we say.

We have a duty to reduce the cost of production especially for agricultural inputs, animal feed, fuel by zeroing the excise tax on agricultural oil for the whole period of the energy crisis, with support to give priority to energy communities of farmers, municipalities of the region, farmers' cooperatives. Why? But is it possible that the whole of Europe is making a green transition, lowering production costs through energy and we stop using lignite as an intermediate? Gas as a fuel for production and not do what they are doing in Spain, Portugal and Germany. As a priority, farmers, livestock farmers, processors, manufacturers, craftsmen should have renewable energy parks so that they have stable costs for the next 10-15 years. So it is our commitment that throughout Greece the priority will be the democratisation of green energy production, with priority given to Greek production. To give low production costs and to strengthen our own products by making "Made in Greece" the country's flag for exports.

Friends. The energy issues are very important, but the institutional issues concerning farmers are also important. In addition to the introduction of the unconditional and tax-free status, subsidies, compensation and aid for farmers, we believe that we need to update the ELGA insurance regulation by extending coverage for disasters to livestock caused by climate change. The Ministry of Rural Development cannot pretend that it does not understand the damage caused by climate change every year. Our farmers and even when the figures say that this year. We will have one of the hottest summers ever in extreme weather. The whole process also for the common agricultural policy programmes must be completed within a year to stop bureaucracy with specific dates for applications, evaluation and payments.

Friends. I want to dwell a little on our national issues. It is for us, this patriotic movement party, PASOK, a very critical position of our political opponents on national issues. And I also want here from Ilia. To make the Greek people remember. To stimulate the intelligence of the Greek people and make them remember. Which party is the one that, on the big national issues with Turkey and the Balkans, has had stable and reliable positions for decades? And which parties are the ones that said other things before the elections, but then made compromises wishful thinking afterwards? With a specific strategy, we brought Cyprus into the European Union in 2004, making the island fully secure against Turkey's challenges with the Cyprus problem unresolved. What did our political opponents do?  Mr Tsipras. He went to Germany last. And he saw Mr. Solts. I did not hear him say the word arms embargo on Turkey's provocations, but we heard him say about the so-called new Aegean Prespa agreement he has not yet made sense of the previous Prespa agreement. So he needs to explain to the Greek people who his interlocutor will be, because he says that if the situation with Erdogan changes and the others come in, that is, Mr Kilindzaroglu, we can do the Prespes Aegean agreement. But Mr Kilidzaroglu, Mr Tsipras. He has made stronger challenges to our islands than Mr Erdogan. So what is the plan of this agreement? Shall we tell it during the election so that the Greek people know it? What are the positions of all parties on these important issues that concern not one generation but many generations to come?

And of course, the issue of refugee migration is also very important. Mr Mitsotakis went to Evros. And he took pictures at the fence. I remember that when PASOK started this project. Mr., then Mr. Samaras was saying that this is a meme-centric diversionary game to change the agenda and now they are running around taking pictures. So we have clear positions, there are borders at sea and everywhere and we have a duty to guard the country's borders. The country is not a closed vineyard, but... We understand. The farmer, the stockbreeder, the processor. Who sees today in the trees of Ilia, Crete, Messinia, the fruit rotting because there are no workers damaged by the policies of Mr. Mitsotakis. So I will say, for us there is no black or white, there is only. the foreground. We want. The country's commitments to be honoured regarding the refugee issue. When it comes to migration, there are borders. The country must not relive 2015. The only winner was Erdogan, who blackmailed the whole of Europe and we paid for it, as did other European nations. But we need a coherent immigration policy. What do our hotels need? Our economy, Our peasantry and get a coherent immigration policy, as all European countries have done without populism and cheap communication games. This is exactly what I represent. I represent the anxiety of every Greek woman and every Greek man for Greece to become a normal European country and not to be a hostage to the elitism of Mr Mitsotakis. And the populism of Mr Tsipras. This is what the Greek people deserve, nothing less.

Friends. I want to. Really closing this speech. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for your presence. A presence of a dynamic and hopeful presence that shows. That this party. It is a party deeply rooted in the heart and soul of the Greek people. It is a party. That every Greek remembers the date of its birthday. Every citizen knows its symbol. Millions of hands in Greece raised the flag of PASOK, the flag of the democratic party. Here then, from democratic Ilia. Here, then, from democratic Ilia. I send a message of victory, hope and perspective and I ask all Greeks to proudly raise the green sun high again in our country, the sun of hope, of perspective, of renewal, of social justice and of national dignity. So I want. In these few days left until the great battle, let us all join forces, but above all, let us unite our struggles. Anxieties for the future of our children, for the future of our families, anxieties for everyday life, for the geopolitical position of the country, for the great global developments. So this party, with its founder, a visionary of his generation, Andreas Papandreou, became great because it looked beyond the curtains of the times. It looked far away. He looked to the future and tried to make this country a modern country, confronting the pathologies of the post-civil war state, the pathologies of toxicity and discord. So that is why my message is that this Internet parastate must. Of the media whose media support the division that suits Mr Mitsotakis and Mr Tsipras in these 2025 days, we must take it to the sidelines and give strength to the agony of the good word of realism, progress and hope, but this word. In order for our fellow citizens to hear it, from tomorrow morning, door to door, village to village, the whole city must speak the language of progress, realism and truth. We must speak for another Greece, for the Greece we deserve, for the Greece of perspective. So that is why I ask only one favor of you. In the last three weeks, each and every one of you. Take in your hands the cause of the rebirth of the democratic party. Talk to your children and grandchildren about the good years of PASOK and my generation will talk about the good years of the future that we have a duty to rebuild for every Greek. So raise the flags, it is the flags of victory and perspective together for the victory on 21 May PASOK turns the page with every democrat and every progressive Greek. Good strength and good luck to us and good luck from here in Ilia. The message of victory is strong on election night PASOK will show the way of the future be well and good luck and good luck to us.