Citizens of Alexandroupolis, thank you for this warm welcome. You have filled me with beautiful spring flowers, because spring is also coming in the political life of the country, and spring is also coming in our lives. On 21 May we will celebrate it. On May 21, the great, or long-awaited change that we expect in our lives will come, and that is the message I am getting, going from place to place these days, almost everywhere in our country, almost everywhere. Wherever I find myself, wherever I stand, this message that is being sent today and you are sending from here, from Evros, the message of change, is a message that is going through, permeating Greece and permeating the citizens, regardless of what they voted in previous elections. Because this is not a political slogan, it is a deep desire. It is not just about the need for change in government, it is about the need for a great change in our everyday life.

Because it doesn't go any further. The Greek citizens cannot continue on this downhill slide, with no income coming in on the third week of the month. They cannot continue in this generalized injustice, inequality, obscenity. The country cannot be run by three families. We cannot continue with family rule. We cannot continue to see young children in this country with no prospect of living here with dignity and planning their future away from the place they loved, the place they were born. The place that raised them. These are the big issues that we want to put on the table and talk about in these few days left until the ballot box. Because we are told, Mr Mitsotakis and New Democracy tell us, that Greece has moved forward in these four years, and we are asking ourselves in which area exactly has Greece moved forward? What are the successes of this government? Has it gone forward and has it managed to have successes in all the critical issues that this government has faced?

Did he go ahead and have successes in the pandemic crisis where we are the worst in the western world in terms of deaths, in terms of population ratio? We have surpassed Bolsonaro's Brazil. 37 000 of our fellow citizens died because the national health system was abandoned.

Have we moved forward and succeeded in tackling the energy crisis? To be the country with the most expensive electricity price in the whole of Europe, the most expensive price at the petrol pump in the whole of Europe, while we are competing with Bulgaria and Slovakia on wages and have the lowest per capita income? We have Bulgarian wages and London prices in supermarkets. A household cannot be left out. It's a nightmare in the supermarket. So have we done well and has this government succeeded in dealing with the inflationary crisis of price inflation, with a food inflation that is still today, a year, a year and a half after it spiked, still in double digits? Where exactly have we succeeded and what exactly have we achieved? But we are told that accuracy is imported. Yes, accuracy is imported, but obscenity is Greek and has the stamp of Mr Mitsotakis. Because at a time when the average household cannot or has difficulty paying for electricity, the energy companies are getting rich. At a time when the average household, in the third week of the month, is running out of money, 15 listed companies on the stock exchange have a 20-year record with profits of over a billion euros each. These are the successes of the Mitsotakis government. It has made the rich and powerful richer and stronger. But it has made the middle classes, poor and the poor, poorer, and this generalised injustice cannot continue.

Do you remember what Mr Mitsotakis said 4 years ago to become Prime Minister? He promised the middle class support. Today the middle class is reduced to living on vouchers. Coupons for the supermarket, coupons for electricity, coupons for petrol. Do you remember what he used to promise pensioners? Better pensions he was promising. And what exactly happened? What exactly happened? What exactly? How do pensioners live today? He abolished the thirteenth pension introduced by Syriza as soon as we came out of the memoranda, then he said it was peanuts. But he abolished it. And he does not give the retroactive payments for the supplementary pensions and the bonuses, although he promised to give them, even though the decision of the Council of State came out. A total of 7 billion less for pensioners in the last four years. But that's not all he cut. So let's assume that the money and the pensions remained the same and the pensions in the pensioners' pockets. What is the value of a €600, €700 pension today and what was it worth 4 years ago? Let me answer you on the basis of official eurostat figures, which say that households with an income of up to €700 have lost 40% of their purchasing power in a year and a half. The €700 in 19 was 40% more valuable. They were potentially enabling an outsider to be able, with dignity, to get a gift for his grandchild. Today they do not even give him this opportunity of dignity, because he does not even have to pay the stream.

These are the successes of the Mitsotakis government. And in the face of this policy, we say: there is another way, there is another perspective, there is the perspective of a programme and a plan, which we have submitted to the knowledge of the Greek people, so that everyone knows it when they go to vote, but we have also submitted it to the knowledge of all the progressive forces of the country. It is the contract of change that we presented for the next day, a contract of 11 articles, a contract with the people. And I will say briefly in just 4 axes what runs through this contract. Wage increases, price reductions, debt regulation and a fair, efficient, strong welfare state alongside the citizen. This is the fourfold principle of our policy.

A few days ago the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, the OECD, issued a report with its conclusions on the course of the European economies. A report which in fact trashes the whole narrative of the Mitsotakis government that promised better jobs and made workers work unpaid overtime. No more eight-hour days anywhere, abolished the labour inspectorate, no more standing by the worker to find their right. And of course they promised better jobs and better wages, right? That was one of the key promises, better wages. And then the OECD came along. And what does the OECD say? That Greece and the Mitsotakis government is the only government that in the last four years, because it's the only country that in the last four years not only, not only, I'm not talking about the minimum wage now, the average wage has been reduced. In the 3 years 19-21 it was the only country in Europe where we had a decrease in the average nominal wage. For 2022, despite the increases in the nominal wage, Greece was among the only 3 countries in Europe that had a 7.5% decrease in the average real wage. These are the results of the Mitsotakis government. These are the results that are irrefutable with figures, with numbers, with the stamp of international organisations. And of course, when he went on a television programme, he said: I refute the OECD. Of course, it is not in his interest to talk in terms of figures. He contradicts the OECD. He only wants to talk to Mr Avtia and Mr Portosalte. It is not just them that he does not deny, it is the international organisations that he denies. So we say deny what you want. The irrefutable criterion is the pocket of each and every one of us, of households, of working people and of working people. That is the irrefutable criterion. And there one need not be a leftist, a rightist or a centrist, because one understands, one understands one's own strengths, one understands how one lives, the difficulty of making ends meet.

And I want you to give me the opportunity, since I am here in Alexandroupolis today, to address the people of Evrita, to address the people here, the citizens of the border region, and to tell you that Mr Mitsotakis would not have loved you so much. Do not think so. He comes here very often to take pictures on the fence, but he did not love you. He comes here to do propaganda, not to support you, because for four years now he has done nothing of substance for Evros. Nothing substantial has progressed. He is coming to reproduce the familiar propaganda, the familiar propaganda from the old right-wing years. That they are of a high national opinion and there are some Greeks of low national opinion. As if the borders are their property. As if there are Greeks who do not consider them inviolable. Not with financial sacrifices, heavier sacrifices. But I want to tell you, Evritis, citizens of the frontier, that this party has gotten used to us. We are used to them playing the nationalists and lions when things are calm. But when things get tough, they turn from lions to lambs, from roosters to hens. This is what happened when the Turkish ship Oruc Reis was violating the country's sovereign rights and they told us that it was being blown away and that it was not carrying out any surveys because it was noisy and they could not record the cables. We, on the other hand, who did not think of posing and taking pictures on the fence, were the ones who, when the Barbaros was violating the sovereign rights of the country, were across the way with the frigate Nikiforos Fokas and said it would not pass. We don't make lions out of the easy ones. And we don't do the lambs when it's hard. But those who insist on selling nationalism. And do you remember what they did during the Prespa agreement? But the day before yesterday Zoran Zaev sent a letter. Not to me. He sent it to Mitsotakis and said: You are a great friend of mine, because everything Tsipras did, you follow everything, faithfully. You, you, Mr Mitsotakis, who said it was a treacherous agreement, honoured it and kept it and you did the right thing, but that is your hypocrisy. That is the hypocrisy.

And today we see the government spokesman, Mr.Skertos, coming out and saying that a long-standing national claim, because our claims are not only against Turkey - a long-standing national claim, the claim for reparations from the period of the German occupation and the occupation loan is no longer a claim for our country. Whereas four years ago, SYRIZA had brought all the pieces together in Parliament and we signed a joint agreement that we would claim the German reparations, even if it was €1, as the late Manolis Glezos used to say, and even if it was €1, we have the right and the obligation to claim it. So here are the great nationalists, the easy ones who become sheep and vultures in the difficult ones. That is the reality. So I, from here, from Evros, want to address all Evrites and say that we will not allow anyone to think that citizens who vote for New Democracy are more patriotic than those who vote and are at the heart of the progressive and democratic party of our country.

But I want to say, to say something more important, if you like. To say that the best defence for the border regions of our country, such as Evros, is development and the enhancement of the well-being of the people. And Evros has been abandoned these four years. Where are these programmes that we have managed to draw up in the face of great difficulties. The special infrastructure programme of EUR 26 million, with critical infrastructure projects for Evros, has been abandoned. Where is the plan that we jointly agreed with the Balkan leaders for the railway link between the ports of northern Greece and the ports of Bulgaria? That plan has been abandoned. Where are the projects that would have been carried out in the port of Alexandroupolis, with the sale of the port? The port was sold, we did not see any projects. Where is the project that we had signed for the environmental rehabilitation of the mine in Kirki, EUR 5 million. It would have brought jobs, jobs to the local economy. That was abandoned as well. A number of projects were abandoned.

Mostly, however, public education and public health were abandoned, the two public hospitals of Alexandroupolis and Didymoteicho, which we autonomized, were abandoned by doctors and nurses and are now at their worst. We established local health units in a situation of dire financial difficulties. Here they are devaluing regional clinics, closing health centres.

The university. The university schools. With Mrs Kerameos's admission basis that denies entry to universities to 20,000 students a year. We see regional universities and many schools closing. In nursing, only 9 children passed last year in διδυμότειχo. The psychology department never opened. 9 new schools that the Democritus senate wanted to establish by decision were never established, because this is the decision of Mr Mitsotakis. Our children in colleges, not in public universities. But in colleges they do not ask for an admission basis. All they ask is that you have money to give. So that's why we are saying from these exams, we are removing the minimum admission basis so that 20,000 children, more children, will be able to get into higher education.

To say more about your country, about Evros, to say more, yes. Hundreds of citizens in Evros are leaving every day, crossing the border to do cheaper shopping, to go to supermarkets in neighbouring countries. In Bulgaria and Turkey even, yes. To get cheaper petrol. Is this really the international and imported crisis? Is this the international accuracy? So why do hundreds of citizens here in Evros go to fill up their tanks in neighbouring countries and go to buy products in supermarkets in neighbouring countries? Shall I say more about the abandonment of Evros? Shall I say more? Services of the National Social Insurance Fund are being closed, merged. Bank branches are closing. Branches of the Post Office are closing. So this is the upgrading of the region?

Pictures by the fence are not enough. We need to reinforce and tear down other fences, because I will say it: we will not tear down the fence on the Evros. But we will tear down those fences that make your life difficult. The fences of inequalities, the fences that force you to live inferior to the people in the centre. You, the people of the constituency, the fences to access to universities, to public hospitals, to a strong and effective public health care system.

Citizens of Alexandroupolis, citizens of Evros. I would like to say a few words about this crucial electoral battle that we have ahead of us. Many people say that elections with a simple proportional representation are, my boy, we do not need to think about who will be in government. It is wrong. A simple proportional representation election does not mean that simple logic is lost. Whoever comes out first will be able to form a government, coalition government, but they will form a government. And so we say. I want that slogan to be shouted nine days from now. Because the crucial thing on election night is who will be celebrating. Will the democratic people be celebrating or will the cartels and the powerful be celebrating? That is the crucial thing. Who will celebrate? So we are saying that in this crucial election, we are saying that it is very important which party comes first. Because with SYRIZA in first place, the road opens up the next day for the formation of a government of progressive cooperation and opens up the road for the great change in our lives. Do not listen to Mr Mitsotakis when he says that we will go to a second election if he is first. Do not listen to him. Most likely he will exhaust every possibility, he will not risk it, to form a government. Yes. With blackmail? Blackmail. By defections? By defections. They know, they have the know how, they've known it before. That is why, friends, we want to address ourselves today, not only to progressive citizens, but to all those who see that this is no longer possible. This situation cannot go on any longer. That is enough. And we say to them that the most powerful punishment to this regime of injustice that has ruled us for four years now is for this regime to lose. And how is this regime to be defeated? It will only be defeated if Syriza wins it on election night. And SYRIZA will win. It will be a great victory for Syriza. It will be a victory for the people. We know and we can bring this great change.

We have also learned from our mistakes. We have made mistakes. We have made mistakes, it's true. But no one can claim that in these four and a half years, we have not governed the country with honesty. No one can say that. We are the only government since the post-independence period that has gone through the country and left the next generation 40 billion in the public coffers when it found them empty, and nobody can say that we left the next generation a mess. Nobody can say that. We took the country out of the memoranda. We got the country into the markets. We did. We regulated the public debt, we created a perspective so that each government can decide for itself, without the troika over its head. Mr Mitsotakis has left us in these four years with 50 billion more public debt, 40 billion more private debt and has increased the current account deficit tenfold.

But I want to say that the biggest threat to the next day is the one that has to do with middle class property. 700,000 properties have been taken over by the funds; 700,000 households are worried that their property will be taken away from them the next day, through auctions. So we say here today, addressing all the people of Evrica. We are not only addressing the left-wingers, nor only the centrists, but also the right-wing citizens, the householders, those whose lives are threatened by these thousands of auctions that will come like a tsunami to overwhelm the country.

And we tell them we know that we have different, ideological, policies. But we understand that this particular government has put you to shame as well. With its precision and obscenity, with its inequalities, with its redistribution of wealth into the hands of the few and the powerful. With this wiretapping scandal, the shameful wiretapping scandal, to have the Prime Minister of the country become the high priest of wiretapping. To listen through his office to half of the political system, to the heads of the armed forces and not have the moral courage, as is the case in any other European country, to say no, just no: Sorry, wrong. To say 'I resign', as has been done everywhere in every other European country. Clinging to the chair of power and wondering if he gets a blank cheque for a second four-year term from the man who has dismantled half of the articles of the Constitution, what is in store for us in this country?

So I appeal to the democratic instinct of Greek citizens and Conservatives and I say don't give a blank cheque to a man, to a family that has turned governance into a public limited company, that has widened inequalities and dismantled the rule of law. We deserve, Greece deserves to become a normal European country. With justice. With a meritocratic state, with respect for the Constitution and democratic institutions, and we will achieve this together. We can achieve it together. All Greeks can take our country a little higher than the 22nd of May.

I want to thank you very much for your presence here today. And I want to assure you that the election battle will be a close one. There is a large percentage of citizens who will vote almost at the ballot box. That's why victory on election night will not be decided by newscast predictions. It will be decided by your work, by you. If you carry this message that our lives can be changed. The message of victory, the message of change, from village to village, from workplace to workplace. Then you can be sure, victory will come, change will become a reality. And above all, if the young people, the 450,000 first-time voters come to the polls, if they use the weapon they have where their vote is, then you can be sure: Not only will victory come. It will be a great victory. It will be a great victory for democracy. It will be a great victory for our people and it will bring justice more quickly everywhere. Be well. Thank you. Let's go with victory, bless you. Goodbye. Goodbye.
