I don't want to bore you any more because the race is long. We will have a second election. Let me talk to you. I may be wrong in what I'm about to say, but I hope I'm wrong. My guess as to what the election will be, no. No, polls don't do polls. First election's going to be burned. Why do Mitsotakis and Tsipras want to burn it? No one believes, loves and appreciates simple proportional representation more than us. Other than us, no one else. Do you understand that? So SYRIZA put it in only to create an obstacle. To Mitsotakis, who would come after him, he doesn't believe it, because if he believed it, he would say yes to our proposal for an electoral. Programmatic discussion, not necessarily agreeing to discuss though. Why is that what you do when you love simple proportional representation? You say okay, I couldn't govern on my own, but have a conversation with people we can talk to. At least see if we can explore the margins, get our differences on the record you guys and I say no, but after the election in other words it's over, come get a ministry. Thank you very much we had of it, we don't want us minding the ministry. So after the first. Yeah, well I'm a machine and you know anyway. If they get ministerial machines, I might reconsider. But I'm not changing mine anyway. So that's where the first Sunday will burn for sure. And it's very simple. Why? Because when both Tsipras and Mitsotakis. That is, they know who will be first, basically know, he can throw another roll of the dice and with the calpovorific Enhanced proportional representation. If he wins the second time, why not roll the dice again? Does it cost anything;whoever is first and it will probably be Mitsotakis and he wants to see our misery again and become PM or else he will be gone. He will surely have found a job already in MacKenzie, Goldman Sachs in NATO somewhere he has found one. A E is. They know. The theory of revolving doors, so revolving doors.He'll get a job. Second Sunday, what happens Second Sunday depends on the numbers if it adds up to 151 new republic PASOK. There will be a government, New Republic PASOK. It may even become the new republic with pieces
PASOK, because Mitsotakis has that. A family tendency to create conditions for apostasy. Something his father will teach him can't 65. He'll get a lover with a bunch of people in it, a Velopoulos. You don't even know if he can make it to 151 or officially with PASOK? I find it very difficult for SYRIZA with PASOK to reach 151 in July. With us there will be no game. I made it clear not to say it again neither trust nor tolerance. If the numbers don't come out for them. A 2 party coalition will become the 3 party government without Mitsotakis without Tsipras. With a straw man. We. Yes, son it's a straw man, they'll put a straw man they'll put a straw man they've done it before. Let me remind you of Janis Janetakis. Let me remind you of my colleague from the University of Athens in 2011, Mr Papademos. And I think that Mr. Tsipras will have no objection to this, because he will control the party. The vibrations within the party after another defeat. Because he will decide who will become minister from within the party So he will hold both the knife and the watermelon within Syriza and he will wait. 5 months, 6 months, 10 months until he hopes urbanization will look likely he ahead of whoever replaces Mitsotakis in the new democracy and then there will be third elections again. In no time I see it maybe 18 months. Kind of saying this because we need to be ready? That's why I said before that we shouldn't go too far today, that we should keep some strength because it's a long struggle, but you know, it's a good one. We're the only ones who aren't anxious. The others are anxious because they are hooked by the chairs and by the cars and by the money that goes under the table and so on and they are really anxious. Right now they don't sleep at night; do we care? We don't know at all we are doing well by our standards we will do better. And in the final analysis it doesn't matter if we don't do well, it's important to do the right thing. And throw it in the Yale and hope. Will the Greek people reward that? That you don't count the political cost is written on the back of your shoes, and if you have it written on the back of your shoes? If the political cost is written on the back of your shoe, then you have political benefits, but you have them because you do not pursue them. So, fellow comrades, let's go ahead and at least enjoy reading the names of the candidates. I have here a list. I hope it's not the Patras one I had in my pocket yesterday. Achaia. It's the right list. Yannis Anastasopoulos. Get up. Maria Apatzidi E. John Vovos. Come on, John. John Zois. He's not here. He's with a coyote. Is there still a coyote still there? But I thought we were at war now, guys, do we still have a coyote? Anyway, good luck. Not here, either, you handsome saint. No. Athanasius Kuchoyannis. Panagiotis Bairamis. She must be from other suburbs. Haris Petropoulos. Oh, come on. Anastasia Sideri. Eleni Spetsioti is not here, I didn't see her. Yes, you know her because she has my hair style. Anastasia Trakli. Dimitris Truffos. Hello, Dimitri. And George Harisis, come on George. So, you guys who are candidates, do you have a sacred obligation? Have fun. Because these are good days? We are rising, we are the basis of a great new fighting party. We have outgrown our egos we are from day 25 from the people's unity from aras from various organizations independents will come and others after that and others. And we are building something beautiful, regardless of the election, using the election as an opportunity. We are moving forward.  