Why there's been such a fuss about Day 25 the last few days I'll tell you. But let me remember. the old days when I lived in Australia. What does one have to do with the other? You'll see wait. It has to do with the bill being paid now. Our history in Australia, there's a bank in Australia that is also a cashier's bank. Parasitic headsfund, as they say it's called a Macquarie. It was a gang, a bank. Dash gang and I'm not saying that for anyone who cares if anyone or none of you care there is a shocking documentary on Australian state radio. Go to ABC Radio National. And put a macquarium in it. And see what comes out. For the scandals of this ghost fund bank company well, this company 5 years ago we go to another country in which I have lived in for many years. It appears in England. And it buys. The London EDF. EADAP of London, the water company for the whole basin, the Thames, which includes London. Thames Water, London's EDF. 5 billion. Here's nothing. A very small amount of £5 billion, not euros, pounds. Of that 3 billion he borrowed. From another bank. And do you know who he charged it to? To Thames Water, who he bought. I come to you and I say your house is 500 grand. Fine, I'll give you 200, you put in 300. It's as simple as that. Six months later, Macquarie...
did something else. He borrowed another 10 billion pounds, which. You hear a lender and a company taking another company. Money, are you thinking investment? You know make the 10 billion we borrowed by putting up a security deposit. All the water structures in the London area. You know what they did? They handed out dividends to the shareholders of McQuarrie, they ate it up. And who's going to owe? Thames Water. The London Borough of Greater London. Whatever Mayor A is doing in re-nationalising London's water supply,as the Mayor of Berlin did when they took the water back from the privateers, is re-nationalisation, re-municipalisation. The borough got it back, not the nation, not the state. The well-known 10 billion that the Australians took. And their friends will owe the municipality. They're probably screwed anyway. Now, why am I telling you why, Macquarie? You know why? Because he'd rather o you start paying them a toll. You here? All Greeks, all Greek men, all Greek women will pay a toll on the macquarie. How? The Macquarie, dear friends, fellow travellers, comrades and comrades. Buy Deddeus. Do you know what Deddeus is? The part of the PPC they broke and gave it to him. The network. The network that transports the electricity from the power plant to your home. A part of this study of this network, not the ADMIE, Deddee was bought by the Macquarie, right? It was borrowed by Makwari. And charged it to Deddeus. He's not doing anything great, they have a mania and we apply it wherever they go or they go to London that they come here. What do I do? The same thing. Well? How does the deddee collect money through the utility bills that you pay? You'll see if you read it carefully. There's a supply fee. Landscape and today in the last bill you will see that it is 52 cents per kilowatt hour. 52 cents mobile now that has been a fee for many years now. Mitsotakis A epsilon along with the energy regulator in Rae. They agreed that the dedee from the first of May from the problem NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW is coming. Friends and friends. It will go from 52 cents to 446 cents, at 4.46 € per kilowatt hour. Retroactive from 01/01/2023. Do you understand why they dislike us so much in MERA25?Why are we taking them off this time? The memorandum arc, New Democracy, PASOK, SYRIZA, talk about it. I don't care. Velopoulos, there is no velopoulos. Pasok, New Democracy SYRIZA Moko for this talk you will never hear them mention the Makwari.Have you ever heard Makwari? I guess you don't hear this from us and if you had heard it from us I would have heard it like you heard about CVC taking over the PPC, right? They can't stand to hear these truths, to be told about what they are doing Mr. E. has another tactic. He says EVERYONE IS THE SAME AGAINST socialism, everything is a mess wait a minute, There are rugs and there are rugs. So there are. Some businessmen who put up some money and make an investment and make a profit. They exploit labor, they exploit labor. But at least they operate capitalistically. Macquarie doesn't operate capitalistically at all. That's stealing that they're doing. It's stealing. In broad daylight. And you're only hearing this from us, right?