So did you hear what's going on? These days? The rampage in the mass media of deception. We've been caught red-handed. We got caught with Dimitri in our hands, while we were running the evening show. As part of the bank robbery and bank closing, we got caught with Demetrius. Yes, ours was better, but ours was ours. So no our Mandinas are truer and better. Well, look. Any of you who are presiding with us in 2019, you may remember that this demitra system we didn't call demitra we called it a payment system. Parallel payment system was in our election manifesto in June 2019. Such amazing journalistic research was done by the calamity channels that they found today what we were saying in June 2019 and we didn't stop saying it. We had a whole presentation of the executioner system on the gas and even the New Republic trolls. The Lie Team is called the Truth Team because they always reverse the truth. It even shows it, it shows the speech that he made on the gas and they say we got them. What did we get, you guys, we made a speech? We were begging you then to spread what we were saying in the silence of a fish, they were silent, they were not saying a word. Now it's out during the election. When I hear them on the TV? Howling. As defined by 15. Remember I was caught saying I had a plan B. Yes, I had a plan B. I told them. Do you remember when the story came out that he was recording the Eurogroup meetings with his mobile phone, and how did you find out about it? I didn't tell you, I came out and I told you that when I found out that he was not recording the Eurogroup so that it could be proven that he was in there. All of a sudden all these years? Between the show as they caught Mitsotakis in the act of watching Androulakis. You caught Mitsotakis, Pass if he didn't want to be caught, so says Varoufakis. We got him, he says, I've got you, you've got the PA. So let me say a couple of words about the executioner, because it's a technical issue. The reason we've had entire presentation texts video presentation texts on the gas since then. By the way, let me say it one more time we submitted it as a. Comprehensive bill in the House of Representatives in December 2020 presented it to the plenary. No one listened. No one had a problem, no one heard about that proposal in the channels of disaster. Now it's say the demitra demitra and dry bread so let's say two words about the demitra.I can't help myself. What is this demitra anyway? It's a system. A platform. Do you know how many platforms Pierrakakis has built? Yeah, it's a platform like Pierrakakis'. Only it's pro-people, pro-majority of citizens. And it's not humiliating, he says. Now you're hungry you don't have to eat I'll give you, he says a market go up the platform and get a new one because that's what he gives you? The executioner what would it be? A way of doing business without paying bankers' fees. That. What currency does it say in demitra? Mitsotakis says how many demitras does he say will make the souvlaki? It's like having a Eurobank account and asking them how many Eurobanks the cheese pie makes. You must be the absolute idiot. Or a Goebbels-type propagandist to say these things? Will the transactions be in euros and how will it be done? Well, we all don't have a VAT number, you all have a VAT number, you have two, why do you have a corporate one? Ready-made companies. TIN, fine every TIN will have. Automatically you will not do anything about it. One bill, one box. And just as you have codes to get into the pierrakecary platforms you will have a code to get into the demitra that will be. He's sitting them. It's founded on taxisnet, that is on the taxisnet, that is on the VAT numbers where you log in to make payments of, of the ENFIA of the VAT traffic fees and so on no change just you will have one account that will be. Linked to your tax IDs? Well. You're going to tell me now nice and. How do I use it? How do I put money in there? There are a number of ways. One way is if I owe you €50 and you say put it in there don't give me cash put it in my account on my tax account. I use the PIN or my own code given to me by the respective piersrakakis of the day, whoever the haggot is anyway so. And you go through either your bank account or your own. Don't pass the 50 € to me and then I pass it on to whomever I want. With that money, I can pay others or pay my taxes? And unfortunately we all have to pay taxes. At some point there comes a time to pay taxes income tax, VAT ENFIA the evil conspiracy me nice one way is this. Another way is, you have 1000 € in the bank sitting there and they are collecting dust interest not collecting the 0,0 that Piraeus, national and so on gives you so. The executioner system enables him to transfer it into that money. Into your account that's linked to your tax ID. Why would you do that? Why? There is it has been legislated by us who are going to set up the Demeter system that if you leave that €1000 in there for a year, as you would leave it in your bank account. That 1000 € will pay back taxes in one year. Of the order of 1080 euros. In other words, the state. It gives you 80 € interest equivalent interest EN by virtue of the interest equivalent, a tax break it gives you because you kept 1000 € in the system. You have essentially lent 1000 € to the state. You have taken 80 € which is 8%. Which bank will give you 8%? To the state to the state. Look what happens with that. First, the state borrows from its citizens and doesn't have to go to the sharks in the money markets. Because every time the state borrows through the money markets. When it says it issues banknotes for the Treasury I E I issues bonds? The first thing you will see it says that this particular issue is contracted with Goldamn Sachs Barclays and the evil conglomerate. Do you think they do it for free? No shit with lots of government money to them to arrange the bond sale. Why? With the system I just described you have given 1000 € to the state you have not bought any bond. You just get a tax break that is equivalent to an interest rate that no banker on the planet will give. And all this in euros. And when you make your payments you pay exactly zero to the bankers, because this system is public and it's free. So anyway the cost is zero, like the cost of the banks. When you pay with a utility bank that gives you and the shopkeeper. Why do you go to a card payment kiosk and see the kiosk man's face turn black because it will cost him more to either sell it to you than not to sell it with the card from the card that the national, Piraeus or alpha Eurobank will charge him, right? Do you see why they hate us? Why do we cut? The middleman the banker from transactions between citizens and between the public and citizens. If you look at the balance sheets of the banks, most of their profits are the fees they put on you for these payments. So they are essentially using their monopoly position over you as far as you are concerned. The payment system for you think about it we have given it to them. The monopoly on our payments. We've made them partners. What do we do with our money anymore? To want to put money in a bank to put give a serious interest and then the other guy gets your money. The banker and lend it to a businessman at higher interest rates than the difference in interest, interest rates to earn the banker. Some of this makes sense. What do they gain from that? They profit because we have made them partners in every payment we make when pensions go from the government to the national. And the retiree pays a toll on the highway that isn't a highway anymore. So it's a foreign headfund. Every time he pays something hence you get that he gets the private banker pension because when the transaction cost is zero, it's not from there you don't pay a salary to somebody to press a stamp to throw money around. From there it's done by an automatic system, it's zero cost, zero zero. Well, because it will be zero cost and for the demitra the charge will be zero for the citizens, that's why they hate us, but that's not the only reason. No, we're not afraid. We're not afraid because if we were afraid it wouldn't be worth living. So he who lives in fear does not live. Yes. He's waiting for this because we don't print money, Elizabeth. I'll come to that. At the moment we are talking about a system which is perfectly compatible with the euro. What I am saying so far is perfectly compatible with the euro. The transactions are all in euros. You should know that under European law and the law relating to the countries of the euro zone, they have no say in this. In Brussels and in Frankfurt what I have described is the system now. It is a system of budgetary transactions. It is based in other words on the taxman. Wait. Yes. I'm not there yet, are you getting ahead of yourself? At the moment we're in the euro zone, it's a system that works within the euro. It improves the ability of the Greek state and Greek society to stay in the euro, to breathe so the euro gives us breathing room in the euro. What I have just described nicely.
The Elizabeth ship is the following. Say that for whatever reason you want to leave the euro. For whatever reason a reason let me give you some reasons. One reason is why is Germany leaving the euro? Do you think the Germans don't have an exit plan from the euro? Do you think the Germans are idiots? The Bundesbank has no plan for what they should do alpha fucking delta in the next 3 hours if they decide to leave the euro. Have you ever heard any German call the people who work for the bundesbank who have a program they don't want to use it but they have a plan if they have to god forbid have you ever heard a German whether Christian democrat or social democrat or communist or green call a bundesbank person a traitor a traitor and I don't know what a traitor because they have a plan for what they will do to get out of the euro if they have to get out of the euro. You can't do that in Germany they will consider the German central banker a traitor if he doesn't have a plan to go back to the mark. Like the Minister of Defence. He will be despicable or despicable. In Germany there was also a Mrs Ursula Vor der Leyen Defence Minister who was a failure so Brussels is sending her to the one who failed. Because as a great screenwriter said in a fictional. Do you know it? A Danish serial says why did you send this minister to Brussels and the prime minister's answer was because in Brussels nobody listens to you. When you're screaming about what he sent the Ursula. Anyway. I digress I close the bracket about the Ursula, so you are the Minister of Defence. If. Journalist was talking to you like they talk to me from mega shit and so on he knows what the equivalent of what they say to me would be said to him. When they call me Demeter. Do you want to get out of the euro? Do you want to blow up the eurozone? What would they say to the Minister of Defence? You bought Rafals, you're a war monger You're going to war No, guys, I bought Rafals I bought I don't know I bought tanks I bought tanks I have a plan for what happens if Turkey enters the Castelorizo Why is this my job not because I want to go to war with Turkey, but if I don't have a plan for what happens if Turkey enters Rhodes, Castelorizo I'm despicable. Don't accuse me that because I do my job and have a plan is to say otherwise. Imagine if you were the director of a hospital. So would ordering a generator. In case the power goes out so that the person being operated on doesn't die, go 3 ahead and have power to the operating room. I don't care you are you are you are a hospital director, you are interested in having a generator, let it be Chinese German aliens it doesn't matter. Do you ever blame the hospital CEO, do you plan? To throw in the power. Isn't that the equivalent?