Okay, sure. It's not going to be a hangman, the hangman is the system, don't get confused, it's like saying. It's like saying we currently have right now that we currently have taxisnet money we don't have taxisnet money we have. In Taxis Net we have the software that allows us to operate the euro in the context of fiscal policy and tax. No, it is not said. Parallel currency guys we are against parallel currency. Do not make a mistake. It is euro, you don't tell me to ask you something Elizabeth Pierrakakiswhen he gives you IOUs not you when Pierrakakis gives you IOUs with vouchers It is parallel currency. Not to the wealthy he gives the executioner will work with euros. Put it well in your mind with. Euro will give it unless we decide to leave the euro, then I will have what do you want to call the new currency? Say it. Say it we can have a poll and a referendum on what we call it if we ever have to leave the euro, right? Anne. But well. Well well well well. One last question from Elizabeth, I'll answer it, let me just sit down and answer it. I have a question, shall we move on? Never mind, it's nice the way it is. Well, I like it. Look. There are 2 completely different issues here, one is about payments, transactions while we are in the euro. 2 things you can't do with the Demetra system 2 things you can't do a draw cash. Why is cash in the monetary system? We have built in demitra that we have designed to be completely compatible and legal within the framework of the European Union and the eurozone. And the eurozone. As I described it, they can't tell you anything, they can threaten you, they can prop up the nuclear bomb, but it's not legal what they're going to do. It's their threat. It's not legal, you haven't come into conflict with any treaty of the European Union. If you do it the way I'm telling you. But that means no cash withdrawals, it means it's TIN to TIN payments. So, one thing you can do is. The euros that you have in the demeter to make it paper, you can't do that while we're in the euro, the second thing you can't do is. Buy from some foreigners. Because the goal is not to buy from somebody is for us in here and you know what? Elizabeth I know your question let me answer it, you will see that it is positive what I am saying why? Because it's an A F M to A F M payment system obviously you can't pay someone who doesn't have a Greek A F M. On the contrary, Texan and getting a Greek A F M you can pay it so clearly things, so to pay a Texan to send you oil you can't through demitra you have to use the commercial banks while we're in the euro. Okay, but look how positive is that? Because when the demitra starts to run and a lot of people use it and will use it because it's free because it gives them a corresponding equivalent interest rate much higher than the banks, a large percentage of transactions will be done through the demitra. Look how good that is. It boosts domestic production because a bigger chunk of the money goes to the companies that have A F M . In other words, to the domestic companies, so you reduce the trade deficit and you give more incentive to the locals to produce more since there is more demand because of the Demitra. Is that a positive thing? It has been explained, I have explained it and you will see a brochure coming out tomorrow in which we say this clearly now if you make currency. The currency is not the demitra it will be the drachma he wants to call it the Greek euro I don't think so. No, I didn't think turtle. I'm an Aeginetan, the first currency in Greece was the turtle, why are you telling me no? I don't understand, we Aeginites demand that it be called a turtle, we'll have a referendum, okay, we'll have a poll, we'll come up with a name. It'll probably be called a drachma, but whatever. Then you have a real currency? Like I don't understand, that's Denmark. How does it trade? How does it trade or Dana trade with. With its crowns we how is one but it was a children before 2000. With drachmas. And now the question is how to close the trade balance gap this big bet? But here is the productive reconstruction. This is where it wants. It needs planning priorities, it needs the regeneration and revival of agricultural production that has destroyed common agricultural policy. It wants all these things, but this cannot be solved by currency; it can only be solved by productive reconstruction and planning the country's development. But these things go together because today we are talking about an 8.5 per cent deficit. In the current account balance every year Greece as a whole, private individuals, private individuals and the public sector together borrow eight and a half percent of GDP from abroad. In order to buy these arloubes we buy. What are the things we buy? The world is filled with these black Mercedes hotel vans 160,000 to one 160 these vans you see are 160,100 one. So is the EUROs that go from us to Bordeaux, to Mercedes. Time and time again our children, our children and our grandchildren are charged. So brain drain in the future. Are you going to Lavrio? Second hand third hand old fashioned 150 M wind turbines, brutal decision that are not recyclable, they are all there we have imported from Germany that the Germans don't want them anymore to go destroy mountain tops, go plant them up and that's why we are paying and we have a current account deficit.For us the currency doesn't matter. The currency should be our servant, not we the servants of currency. If you listen to the channels. A friend of mine, Slavoj Zizek, once said the very famous and very good thing that the problem he says with them he meant. The establishment. The capitalists is that they would rather think about the end of the world than the end of capitalism. Here in our country the channels prefer to think about the end. Of humanity than the end of the euro. For them the biggest disaster that can happen is that people die, that there is a nuclear war, that we have cholera, that our children go abroad. They prefer all that, but to have it. Euro. I remember another foreign friend of his, Paul Sweezy an excellent American economist, Marxist American. Bourgeois. You see now so the man who published the Monthly Review
where the first article written on the front page of the Monthly Review was by an acquaintance of yours. Under the title Why Socialism with? His name was Albert Einstein. Well, I remember back when there was this whole debate going on in the early 90s, just before Maastricht gave birth to the euro we were in New York. And we were discussing. And we were even laughing at the hustle and bustle of the Southern Europeans. The political prisoners here, Greece, Italy, Spain, for the hard currency, then Italian Greeks. Leaders were saying that we in the South should also have a hard currency like the mark, a currency that is not devalued, that has a high value, that is hard and not soft. And Paul and I were discussing. With this mania you're saying, "A hard currency can be had by a country that's running deficits. And he says to me, we were sitting in Brooklyn. And he shows me a bridge. What's a bridge, the Brooklyn bridge? He says, you know, he says, you know, under this bridge, he says, "400 people live under this bridge. All of them, he tells me, have hard currency. They got $1-$2 in their pocket. It don't help them much. That's what we've become in Greece, we have a hard currency and our people are leaving abroad because they have 1 2 each and they don't make a week and they get robbed of what they have. It's not particularly our pre-election meeting today with what I'm telling you but that's how we are We are a strange, strange party. But do you see the point? What's all this talk about? Look.