Well. The reason they're playing this? So you know who it is? Pressure on Syriza? That's who they're targeting and well we deserve it. Because basically you know what they're saying? Have you become one of us? You're flesh and blood You were the party that implemented the memoranda in the most cynical and vulgar and absolutist way and effectively the only party that implemented memoranda effectively was Syriza. Neither ND nor PASOK. And in the name of the Left and progress. So let's not say that and so they call him Alexis Tsipras and his and Syriza's leadership team. You've given examples of writing has been done, you've become one of them. But make a statement repudiating day 25 and all that he says. Say we will never form a coalition with them, we say it. One more time to confuse you. Spit on me if you see me giving a vote of confidence in Syriza.  And not to leave. For and for and for and for and to leave no shade why do they talk about tolerance? No tolerance, no trust, no tolerance. Okay. Spit us all out. We're clear because I'm really tired guys, isn't it, isn't it a thing? I go to every channel and it says you won't do it? Absolutely not, we're not gonna cooperate and why aren't you cooperating? Why are we cooperating so they can cooperate? What's the difference between New Democracy and Syriza? They have some aesthetic differences, they have aesthetic differences. It's not the same Tsakalotos and Staikouras have different aesthetic differences, they may have different books in their libraries, because they used to read different books. Now they don't read books, neither they nor they don't read books, now they are just going through the mails from Brussels and... Hey. Did you see what Alexis Tsipras said recently, he said, He can't say after the first elections, if Syriza is first, what will they do? They will come, he says, because otherwise they will be crushed if they violate the popular mandate. Alexis Tsipras talked about the popular mandate, the man who got 62% of the Greek people and not to say that he did so, he talks about respecting the popular mandate and how he understands respecting the popular mandate, so watch this reasoning. Why? Does it matter what he says? Basically what is Tsipras telling us? Come on okay. I wanted you to stay out of the House because you're spoiling my soup, but since you're getting into the House, to hell with it. Since you're going to the House? Go to your world? Tell them about the abolition of the energy exchange. Tell him about abolishing Hercules, tell him you're going to take the PPP away from Macquarie, you're going to take the PPP away from CVC; tell him you're going to take VAT to 15%. Tell him you're going to abolish prepayments of tax and then come to Parliament and make me Prime Minister so I don't do any of that. That's what he's telling us. Does he think that because he has been lying to his own people since he joined Syriza that we will lie to our own people? We will not lie to our own world. Okay.