Friends, on this new promising path, I want to make a single promise. But the most sincere and meaningful one. A promise that I intend to keep to the full: We will not betray your trust. We will not return to a past of toxicity and cheap confrontation. We will respect the strong mandate that the Greek people will give to PASOK. We will use it to exercise a dynamic and realistic opposition. But also to describe the Greece of the next day. With the prospect of the great return of the progressive party to the position it deserves. To be the strong opponent of New Democracy tomorrow and a progressive government in the years to come. So today, from here, under the Acropolis, the global symbol of democracy, I call on every progressive, every democrat to unite our struggles. To unite our hopes. To unite our dreams. To join our forces to walk together in the new era. To serve again, in a majority, in a leading role, the people and the country. For a strong PASOK, which will fight inside and outside the Parliament. Next to the citizen, next to the young, the worker, the woman. Next to every Greek who needs us. To build a Greece of sustainable development. Of opportunities for all. Of justice and social cohesion. Of inclusion against inequality and discrimination. Of rights and democracy against all kinds of authoritarianism. This was and this is our party. These are our ideas, our values, our principles. Our vision is a strong Greece of creation, dignity and social justice. That is why I invite you to walk together. With humanity in the face of cynicism, with seriousness in the face of arrogance, with certainty in the face of uncertainty and with responsibility in the face of unreliability. I call on every democrat, every progressive, whatever party you voted for in the last election, to join forces and fight together for the new victory! Let's make a decision for change together. A decision of social justice and national dignity. I urge you to take the effort into your own hands. Together in the new era we have a duty to do much. And we will do it together, with the public interest and the vision for a strong Greece as our compass. I beg you from the bottom of my heart. Not a minute wasted. Let us all fight together house to house, neighborhood to neighborhood in every city of the country until the last hour. There are only a few days left to achieve what our opponents thought was impossible. To make our movement, the Democratic Party, once again the leading actor. A genuine expression of the agony and dreams of the Greek people. The real opponent of maintenance. The real opponent of anarchocracy. The real opponent of the few who undermine the future of the many. It is our duty to revive this party to confront all forms of injustice. On Sunday 25 June we have only one choice: To win! And we will win! For us, for your children, for your grandchildren, for the Greece of the future. Friends, I thank you from the bottom of my heart for seeing the green flag of the Democratic Party waving proudly once again. Together we will fight to raise the sun high again in our country. The sun of hope, the sun of hope, the sun of perspective, the sun of justice, the sun of dignity. I thank you for your overwhelming presence and I pledge to fight every day not to disappoint anyone in this new relationship of trust we have built. All together for the great victory. For the rebirth of the Democratic Party. Raise our flag proudly. Raise proudly our principles, our values. All of us united together on Sunday night, we will once again be the great victors. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for your love and your trust. It is truly an emotional evening. It is an evening that sends a message of victory to every democrat, to every progressive Greek. The PASOK of our heart, the PASOK of our soul is here, united, strong. To serve the people and the homeland again. To confront inequalities, to confront injustices, to embrace the struggles of every ordinary Greek. We will be at your side in and out of Parliament. Trust, every democrat, every progressive, every Greek, every Greek, in this new path of dignity. This new great change of the great first victory on June 25. I am sure that the next meeting in Athens will be under our historic offices in Charilaou Trikoupis. On Sunday evening I expect you all together to celebrate at the party of Democracy, the party of the rebirth of the historical movement. And of course, before Sunday's appointment, the appointment at Eleftherias Square in Crete, which will once again become the castle of the Democratic Party. We will fight to make Crete green again. Be well! Good luck!