Here on the beautiful island of Lesbos, the island of heroic fighting traditions and indissoluble ties with the KKE, we are holding our first big gathering after the official announcement of the elections. And from here we want to send a strong, optimistic, hopeful message. That of a decisive strengthening of the KKE. Yes, on 21 May, our people can surprise us by taking the KKE much higher! It can strengthen its own voice, its own power, its support against tomorrow's anti-people's government, by illuminating the prospect of the great, radical changes that our country needs in order to live, at last, as we deserve in the 21st century.

We have already seen and heard a lot. We will see and hear even more in the coming weeks. No worker, no farmer, no self-employed professional, no scientist, no young man or woman should be subjected to the blackmailing dilemmas, nor to the phony bickering staged in front of the cameras by those who have ruled all these years and have brought us to this point, continuing one after the other on the same dead-end road for the people.

They have the audacity to wag their finger at the people, talking about the danger of "ungovernability and instability"! Who are they kidding? What will prevent them from forming a government? Have they not all co-opted everyone in previous years when that was required to continue to bleed the many for the gains of the few? Didn't they vote for the memos together? The first of PASOK, the second of ND and PASOK, the third of SYRIZA which all three voted for together? Didn't ND and PASOK vote for half of the bills of the SYRIZA-Annel government and SYRIZA and PASOK for more than half of the bills of the ND government?

Do they not have on their ballots former executives of each other, who we see changing parties like shirts, precisely because these parties all do the same job, just as all shirts do the same job? Do they not currently have a common agenda on the key issues that will determine the course of the country next election? That common programme is the commitments of all of them in the new Supermemorandum, the EU Recovery Fund.

It is their commitment to so-called green growth, which is only green in the colour of the money that comes out of the pockets of households and goes into the pockets of the predators. In fact, in the past week, the MEPs of the New Democracy, Syriza and PASOK voted for the new package of price increases on consumer goods, increases in ferry and air fares, and increases in the cost of maintaining old houses and cars under the name 'fit for 55'. Out of their great sensitivity to the environment all this - of course, of course - and to reduce - they say - pollutants. And in the same package they include in their miserable 'pollutant trade' the health and environmentally destructive burning of waste for electricity generation! Such sensitivity, along with plenty of psychedelia. Their common program is the prerequisites for the Greek capitalist economy to get the notorious "investment grade"! This is shown by their bickering over who is more capable of achieving it.

We have never seen them, of course, fighting like this, over who is more capable of bringing back collective agreements, the Sunday holiday, the 13th and 14th public wages and pensions, all the things they have cut in recent years. Investment grade, after all, means preserving crushed labour rights to make the country attractive to investors. They should enjoy tax breaks and the people should continue to bleed by paying 95% of the tax revenues in order to return the 'bloody' surpluses.

And since spring is well and truly here and the notorious "hard winter" is over, let's see: Was it hard for everyone? This year, listed companies on the stock exchange will distribute their largest dividends to their major shareholders since 2009. And with very little taxation, since SYRIZA took it from 15% to 10% and ND from 10% to 5%. Banks, respectively, posted pre-tax profits of €4.5 billion, while a number of energy and oil monopolies are showing historic profitability performances with over €1 billion in one year. All this and more is their common agenda. So while they chase the investment grade, the people and youth have a vested interest: To raise to a higher rank their solidarity with the KKE, their struggle for their own needs and rights.

Friends, compañeras and comrades, the Southwest calls on the people to vote for it in order to continue for another four years its unpopular work. It is entitled, it says, "to have a calmer four years", without multiple crises! As if that would overcome their bad luck. We do not, we think, need much analysis as to why a government whose term of office saw 35,000 deaths from the pandemic, the dangerous involvement of the country in the imperialist war in Ukraine, the burning of forests and people's property, should be blackened by the people. The government telling the people who are being tested by accuracy that wanting to buy good quality food to eat with your family at Easter is like wanting to buy a Porsche

SYRIZA, again, says that it too is entitled "to govern for the first time with its programme", without troika and memoranda! As if the people owe him because he did not abolish the memoranda and did not throw out the Troika, as he promised, but brought in a third, even worse one. Not to mention so many others: Mandra, Mati, so many deaths during his term of office. But who are they kidding?

Their commitments to the system, to big capital, to the various imperialist centres, are even greater today than ever before. Look at the symbolism: Mr. Tsipras used to come here to Lesvos during the election campaign and say "go back" to the German Chancellor, bowing down to the struggles that the people of Lesvos have fought along with the communists. Now, in the election period, what is he doing? He goes to Germany and meets the German Chancellor to "expose" his program and "get his blessing"! How times are changing... He did not, of course, go to meet the thousands of workers who were on the streets that day against the social democratic government of Germany that is exterminating them. That, you see, would have spoiled his narrative that all we need is to become supposedly like other European countries, where the people there live just fine.

As for what Mr Tsipras says about the 5-10 MPs he may be missing and the rest is the most agonistic expression of politics, it is political commerce and if progressive people had a thousand reasons today to turn their backs on him, the way Syriza is politicking is another reason. We remind Mr Tsipras that in the past, when he was short of MPs to pass the third memorandum, he found them in the MPs of the ND and PASOK. That is where he can look for them today. And if he wants to see who is paving the way for the Mitsotakis government, he should look at himself in the mirror, since his party, SYRIZA, supported the central choices of the Mitsotakis government and his own forces are making a compromise with the forces of ND and PASOK in municipalities, trade unions and in the GSEE.

But because some people - both from the Southwest and from Syriza - pretend not to understand what we say about governments, let's say it again: Every government that comes along continues on the path of the previous one and is even worse, because it is getting worse and worse for the system that these parties serve. So the Syriza-ANEL government was the worst until then, the current Mitsotakis government is the worst until now, and the government that will come after the elections will be even worse. That is why we need a much stronger KKE.

But we also have others who want to pass themselves off as "newcomers" and ask the people for a chance. Like the PASOK of Mr Androulakis, who says he has never governed himself, unlike Mitsotakis and Tsipras. The fact that he was PASOK Secretary and Venizelos' right-hand man when he was in coalition with ND and Samaras is probably a detail he has forgotten. In fact, as we hear, PASOK has its eye on the KKE's headquarters in Lesvos. What would the people of Lesvos want with another MP who will run to give a vote of confidence to whatever unpopular government emerges, to sit on our necks to continue to make our lives unlivable? Mr Varoufakis closes the dance of the so-called newcomers, along with other former SYRIZA ministers, who are running for election under the slogan 'first time break'... As if we do not know them from the good and the bad... They present themselves in front of us and tell us that last time Tsipras fooled them and they didn't catch up... Together they sat in the government benches in 2015, mocking the people by implementing an adventurous policy. And what are they calling the people to do? To believe that "everything can be different" within this barbaric system and within the EU, run by a handful of parasites, because they have, they say, ready-made technocratic solutions. But within this system the poverty of the people is growing. And poverty remains, whether you measure it in euros, or whether you measure it in 'DEMIRA' or 'ANDREA', whatever the name of the currency...

But it is not only the headquarters of the KKE in Lesvos that they have their eye on.  A few days ago the leaders of the New Democracy, SYRIZA and PASOK met in Patras, the only municipality in the country that has a militant, communist mayor, who is an example and is recognised by working people, progressive people all over the country. So, they all gathered, drank their wine, called the local media to capture the montage, and what did they discuss, among other things? How they would all support whoever got through to the second round of the municipal election to get rid of Peletides, who has apparently spoiled things for all sorts of big interests.

Frankly, we didn't expect them to live up to our motto so quickly: "Alone and all of us"... Otherwise, they are fighting like roosters in the run-up to the parliamentary elections and swear that they have huge, supposedly insurmountable differences! Of course, where the New Democracy was saying that it was only going for self-reliance and Syriza that it was only going for a coalition government if it was the first party, slowly their executives began to chirp. "It is one thing what the parties say in the run-up to the elections and another how they will manage the situation after the elections", they now say... Vote and wherever it comes out, they say, to the people. And then they will tell him that "now that you have voted, no mistake is recognized after you leave the ballot box"...But we know very well what will come out, whatever governmental scheme they come up with: Another unpopular government, worse than the previous one, which will launch a new, more ferocious attack on the rights of our people.

So we say to you: Take action now! Take your measures now.

Friends, compañeras and compañeros. We are proud of the attitude of our comrades over the years on the island. We are proud of the uprising of the Lesbian people in February 2020, which sent the repressive forces and the riot police back where they came from, perverting the authoritarianism of the government. This uprising proved that when the people want it, they can, and no one can be reckoned with by underestimating the power of the people. This power has been demonstrated on many other occasions. Both historically in this place, but also throughout the country, throughout Europe, throughout the world.

We are proud of the attitude of our comrades and other fighters, who isolated racism and cries of hatred when the boats of uprooted people were coming to the coast. Their attitude was decisive in the face of those who tried to turn the justified anger of the islanders against uprooted people, and not against the politics of war, uprooting, exploitation and refugeeism. We all know very well that the KKE did not fold, did not change its position on the refugee issue, not in words but in its pioneering action. This action took many forms. The mobilisations in this square to prevent our islands from becoming prisons for EU refugees are not forgotten. The mobilisations after the many years of shipwrecks are not forgotten, so that we do not get used to death. The moving mobilisation in the cold, mud and rain at the Vastria site, which cancelled the bans with the mass of city workers, youth and farmers from Kalloni, Mandamado, Mistena, Thermi and other villages, is not forgotten.

Nor will we forget the attempt to persecute elected officials and other militants, among them the members of the KKE, the president of the workers' centre, who is our candidate, and the secretary of the Federation of Agricultural Associations, because they "incited the people to stop".  And it is a shame that not a single party has issued a statement, except for the KKE, to prevent those who have done the will of the lesbian people from being persecuted. The militant traditions of the lesbian people remain alive, and are having an impact on the people of the island, with the decisive contribution of the communists, and on the refugee issue. It has been proven that the people save the people in difficult and unprecedented circumstances, where the state shows its hostile face in this way as well.

But it is also worthwhile to see what the other parties' stance on the refugee issue has been so far. I wonder who among ND, SYRIZA and PASOK did not swallow the Dublin Treaty, the EU's demands, whose own direction is the creation of prison structures on the islands? Besides, the unacceptable EU-Turkey joint declaration, which bears the seal of SYRIZA as it took place during its time, is maintained in force by the current government of ND, while PASOK does not make a sound. PASOK, of course, is hosting on its electoral list a candidate who voted for the abomination in Vastria, co-opted by the chosen one of the South-West, and after having been a pioneer in the implementation of the Dublin Regulation, today it is hypocritically talking about its revision.

I wonder who is more humanistic? The one who has the record for incarceration or the one who has the record for building hot spots? The one who built the hellhole in Moria or the one who made it bigger? We answer: None of them. All of them have fully implemented the reactionary policy of the European Union. All of them worked for and served NATO, which both makes war and creates refugees and does not recognise borders. We all remember what the parrots of the current and previous governments used to say, that the NATO armada came to the Aegean to solve the refugee problem. And in the end, the refugee problem became gigantic, and the flows increased, but also Turkish provocativeness, with the Turkish ruling class in competition with the Greek, constantly making new claims against the sovereign rights of Greece, the sovereignty of the islands.

The "grey zones" have been enlarged to "Blue Homeland". Not only do we have violations, but also overflights over Greek islands, which have resumed after the earthquakes. Treaties defining borders are being challenged.  From here, from the island of Lesvos, from the northeastern Aegean, we want to denounce once again that this unacceptable claim is being made on the back of NATO, which does not recognise borders in the Aegean. It has the support of the USA and the EU, which "put their economic and political interests in Turkey in the balance". In other words, all those who are drinking water in their name and have the audacity to present them as guarantors of sovereign rights.

That is why it is ridiculous, on the one hand, for the Prime Minister to say that his government has guarded the borders, and on the other hand to call our islands NATO islands.  Just as it is ridiculous to say that the flows have decreased, when you are preparing to welcome thousands with the construction of a new structure that will also act as a 'deterrent' for the circuits and the various NGOs.

If they really wanted to solve the refugee problem, they would put into practice the proposals of the KKE for asylum examination committees in Turkey, under the responsibility of the EU and the UN High Commission. They would take measures to deport refugees and migrants, with papers for their destination countries and transfer them to the mainland immediately, instead of building structures - prisons. They would recruit refugee workers in state structures, as these are people at the mercy of redundancy, and their considerable experience in a sensitive area could be an asset when there are so many shortages both on the islands and on the mainland. Psychologists, translators, doctors, nurses, lawyers and teachers are especially necessary, but today they are a ball for the appetites of NGOs, who are paid handsomely.

But their commitments are great, as they are at the service of capital, which sees its position improved through the EU and NATO.They are hypocrites! They are not even thinking about the refugee flows today when they send arms to Ukraine. All together they applauded the Nazis of the Azov criminal battalion in parliament. All together they are celebrating Alexandroupolis and its transformation into "Souda of the North". Nor is the promotion of NATO plans for any reason other than the dangerous present-day "co-exploitation" of the Aegean. In this direction, it is sought to use the earthquake as an "accelerator" of a solution that will benefit the monopolies that will reap the wealth of the Aegean at the expense of the people's interests and the environment.

Communists are firm supporters of friendship between peoples, we fight against the hatred of nationalists, we support the mutually beneficial cooperation of our countries for the benefit of our peoples. Clearly, therefore, we would not be opposed to the resolution of every existing issue with Turkey and every neighbouring country, through negotiations, through talks, peacefully. But we warn that this is not the case. The statements made by the government, by Mr Dendias and by Mr Tsipras the other day in Berlin are one thing. These are developments which, on the one hand, in the name of 'peace', will open the 'Aeolian floodgates' for new wars and, on the other hand, will deprive the peoples of Greece and Turkey of important resources which could be used for the benefit of both peoples, and not for the increase of capital's profits. The solution and hope, therefore, lies in the path of struggle that we can walk together.

On this waterfront in July 2021, at the events of the KNE, thousands of young people, together with the people of the island, we sent the message that the friendship of the peoples will win, that in Greece and Turkey the enemy is the same, NATO -Governments and capitalism. That it is worth fighting for socialism which is the future, without crises, war and refugees. And that only with this vision alive, we can have conquests today, not to accept modern misery and tragedy, not to bow to those who made the Aegean Sea a sea of dead for their interests.

Friends, compañeras and compañeros. Unfortunately, in the past period, the victims of their policies have not only been counted at sea, but also on land. The predestined crime in Tempe will not be forgotten. Just as the culprits of this tragedy will not be forgotten.

Besides, we have experienced such tragedies in other parts of the country, in the Aegean and on Lesvos. The Samina shipwreck was also a tragedy. Even today there are ships with broken engines, with inadequate and exhausted crews, without a doctor, and we hear people calling from the reception desk to register passengers who happen to be doctors. A tragedy was also the loss of the farmer in Polychthon who lost precious time until he was taken to hospital due to shortages. Tragedy was also the loss of the young infant Michael, named after the militant struggle committee in Polihnito to staff the Health Centre immediately.

These are not random incidents. They are the results of policies that put our lives on a cost-benefit scale. That's why they're blue in the face of tax breaks for shipowners. They are milquetoast to offer them tax-free oil.

But they cite difficult budgets when it comes to staffing the health centres with all specialties and scientific staff. Currently no health centre on the island has a cardiologist and radiologist, while there are not enough paediatricians and gynaecologists. The Vostaneio hospital is suffering from shortages and many patients are forced to turn either to the private sector for simple examinations or to Athens and Thessaloniki. The psychiatric clinic is reminiscent of the Middle Ages, with its antiquated building and staff shortages. Cancer patients are going through their own Golgotha with available appointments at the hospital for simple MRIs since September, while for radiotherapy, scintigraphy, PETSCAN the "population criteria" apply and they are forced to go far away from the island. The health centre in Mandamado remains non-existent. Here in the town of Mytilene, the closure of the health centre, which is already under-functioning, is being initiated, with great consequences for the workload of the employees of the "Vostaneio Hospital". The neighbouring Limnos remains without an ICU and an Intensive Care Unit, without basic specialties. The struggle of the people of Lesvos for health and safety in means and infrastructure, the mobilizations of farmers' associations, unions of actors, struggle committees, the Labour Centre, have annoyed them and have had an effect! That is why now, during the election campaign, all the candidates of the parties who are part of the problem appear and talk about strengthening the health structures! They have had plenty of time over the years, if only the governments and their parties would have done so! But they have done the opposite. Let them not treat the people of Lesvos like natives who will sell mirrors. Only the KKE opposed the commercialisation of health care, in and out of parliament, regardless of which government promoted it.

Only the KKE took the responsibility to ask more than 625 questions on health in parliament, and especially here in Lesvos, the attitude of our MP, Maria Komninakas, was decisive.

In the same cost-benefit scale, however, all over the country, and here in Lesvos, the necessary civil protection and rehabilitation measures for the affected people are also being put on the same scale. That is why Vrissa remains abandoned and dangerous, by two governments, because the earthquake victims had to dig deep into their pockets to rebuild their homes, and many of them emigrated to their own island. In the same area, residents and farmers of Vateres and Stavros are still waiting for compensation after the fires of last summer. In this area, members and friends of the KKE, farmers and youth, were putting out fires along with the few firefighters, who themselves reported shortages both before and after the fire.

Friends, compañeras and compañeros. There are just over three weeks left until the polls open. And the people of Lesvos and the whole country will have the opportunity to give a resounding answer to all the above and to all that still plagues and torments them. We call upon you to give all your strength, every day, every hour that remains, so that the call for the strengthening of the KKE reaches everywhere. Because only a much stronger KKE will be the optimistic, subversive news that the popular vote can bring forth on May 21. Only a much stronger KKE, against the false dilemmas and above all against their common unpopular programme that will be implemented by whichever government emerges, can be an element of popular uplift and hope in a period when our people need it so much.

After the shocking mobilisations that broke out all over the country after the crime in Tempe, the strengthening of the KKE will be the next slap that the people and the youth can give them. It will give the baton to the even greater struggles that must follow, to make them difficult, to corner them, to achieve victories. To pave the way for the tomorrow that we want and can live in a different, just society, with a different, worker-people's power. On Monday, May Day, the day of the global working class, in the strike rallies in every city, on every island, and here in Mytilene with the Labour Centre. On May 10, in the student elections, our youth, who took the step last year, to make the leap this year, again raising very high, the All Student First Force. And on May 21, we raise our Party, the KKE, much higher; we can do it! Alone and all of us! With a much stronger KKE, for the great, the beautiful, the shocking!