Good evening Larissa good evening to all. Hero said I speak from the heart, let me speak from the bottom of my heart because with Hero. Last time we were together. It was in the plenary of the House of Representatives when together we voted against the memoranda with a left-wing progressive face then we left our positions. Hera because it is very good that she left her parliamentary position at the time when others. From one place to another with the yes to everything to the Troika, to all those that send our children abroad, that desertify our country that make this country a debt serfdom in which not only all the predators of the earth indulge with imaginative scientifically-philosophical fury, but has become a cheap shooting range from Alexandroupolis to Souda in a war here in our region where people are being killed just to serve war criminals from Putin to Washington and Texas. 

We are here, Day 25 Alliance for Rupture, all those who in 2015 stood up in front of the hell of capitulation, in front of those who in 2015 stood up in front of a real necessary struggle of the Greek people, a brave no when all of you rose up against the channels of the interconnectedness, against the terrorism of Mario Draghi, Mega, Antenna, the whole system. You stood up and said oh. That night. They did it yes. Unfortunately, and I'm also making a self-criticism and I think we all are. We didn't get to stand up and rally. To become a fist, to go against both our former comrades and the entire memorandum meme establishment. That is why it is a great joy now because we are together again. Because after the first consultative congress of Mera 25 we proved that we did not enter parliament to take a position. We entered the parliament to be the catalyst for this convergence, not only with Hera, but with the comrades of popular unity that I see you here with comrades who are not in popular unity who are not in Mera who are non-aligned of the left, of the water movements. Of the movements for wind turbines on the mountain tops for the Acheloos. For the immigrants, for all the things that are hurting this country and ultimately making it unsustainable.

Why friends? To talk seriously? A country in which the official narrative is the exact opposite of reality. A country in which the difference, the gap, the chaos between what is happening and what they say is happening when it is so huge, so huge this gap this country has no future. In countries that are walking in a sustainable way there is a convergence between reality and propaganda, some relationship, some relevance. Here we have Goebbels, what did he say, we are what was his basic project as far as propaganda is concerned? To confuse the people, to reverse the truth, to reverse the truth you have to take a big lie the bigger the better and tell it over and over again. They make it a bigger lie that Greece is viable within the memorandum straitjacket, the European framework, as they call it, which has nothing to do with a European framework. Right? Because this European framework does not apply to Germany, it does not even apply to Portugal. It only applies to Greece, but it is not a European framework, it is a Memorandum framework, it is a Troika framework.

Look. You've all lived. The 13 stone years of memorandum. Our children are either gone, about to leave, or staying. Bits of hordes, bits of hordes of hired labor, no prospects, no dreams. Without the ability to imagine the future is not what it was in my generation. At least the future has become bleak for the youth. Why is this true? Why is this true? Look.

The first years after the 2010 memorandum, the bankruptcy because this ruling class of the country bankrupted the country. They said of course we got along well together and they bankrupted it. They loaded it with loans and took them abroad. They built fortunes and when the bubble burst. The entire cost of that bubble was passed on to the weaker citizens. That's what happened in 2010. For 5 years 6, this country was a model of collapse. With the exception of. A handful of oligarchs, some bankers who were bailed out by the loans of the troika and they were doing very well, but it was a handful, even the bourgeois ruling class, the richest of the Greeks, property rich, meaning you go to Kolonaki, Athens or the northern suburbs of Athens and you see people who are well-off with property, with apartments, with houses, with apartment buildings, with apartment buildings, they were suffering. Not as much as the working class, not as many women. The youth operator but they too had estates. They can't rent their apartments they can't sell them. There was no market, they paid ENVAT and had no income. In other words, for 5-6 years from 2010 onwards, all Greeks pretty much suffered together. Others much more than others in it there is no doubt about it.

Things are changing. With the third memorandum. The radical left in quotation marks. And the fourth, the third one, remember, was after the capitulation to the conversion of the NO into a yes. The fourth memorandum was in the summer of August 2018. What happens now? With the memoranda of the Left, the so-called Left, 20% of the Greek people are receiving incomes and benefits that they have never seen before in their history. They are doing very, very well. The 80% are under conditions of plunder. What the memoranda under SYRIZA have done is that they have created a process of plundering of the many which, my friends, fellow comrades, is the only one in the history of humanity. This does not exist in any other country. That is, imperialism was once honest. Spanish conquistadors went to Mexico, killed, took the gold, took it to Spain. That was honest. It was clear, there was no choice. Then comes capitalist imperialism. As we know from Luxemburg from Lenin, what happens? The capitalist economies of Britain, Germany, France, later, Japan. They have heavy industry factories that produce far more products than the economy itself can absorb. Because because the workers had no wages, they had minimum wages, so the factories produced products that the proletariat can't buy. And what they did they had to find markets abroad. Imperialism. This is the wave that led to the First World War. It becomes more complicated imperialism. It's not as pure and simple as that of the Roman Empire or the Spanish.

Here in Greece. They've found the combination of the memorandum parties of the European Central Bank, the European support mechanism. Big deal about support. Brussels' have found something that is unique, which is that if we weren't suffering so much, we should be applauding them for how imaginative they are. Notice my thought, there are 3 mechanisms that are unique in the history of capitalism, of humanity. First: Hercules, the red loan market. We have a bankrupt people, leave the state that is bankrupt. We have, according to official figures, 2 million properties that are red loans, they are included as collateral in red loans. So, let's say it's one property per family, we have 2 million Greeks who are currently on red loans.

How does looting work? How did they manage to make money out of someone's bankruptcy? It's simple, you know it, but we'll say it one more time to remind us. You have someone here in Larissa. He has bought a 150,000 property in the good times relatively had put 50,000 out of pocket. He took out a loan of 100. Has he paid it off? Within the first few years 50, that is, out of 150, he has put 100 in his pocket and has the loan of 50 left. The country is going bankrupt. He goes bankrupt, his shop loses his job, his pension is reduced. It doesn't matter. His income goes down and he can't service the 50 grand he has left that he owes and with the overdraft it becomes 100. The fund comes in from Ireland based in Delaware with a bank account in the Cayman Islands, gives him 3K 3 3 and buys the 100 loan. And it comes to him, takes it away, puts it under the hammer for 50. Think about that. He's put up 3 and he's made 47. And where's that gonna go? Cayman Island? And I want you to check this out and do a little research on your own. Don't just listen to what the politicians tell you. Do you know that exporting those 47,000 to Cayman is legal, no tax, no restrictions? It's legal, it's in Hercules, it's signed by the Greek Parliament and not only that. That's outrageous in itself, because you know they're going to make about 70 billion out of this shoddy economy. Think about it because that's a lot of big numbers. Let me tell you this, together for education and health care we give 11. For education and health, we give 11. And they get 70 to take to the Cayman Islands. Hear, hear. They've put a clause in this legislation that says the one public guarantee that if they don't get at least 23 billion, you know you're going to have to give it to them? You don't have it, we don't have it, and the state doesn't have it. The Greek state, the bankrupt Greek state, will have to borrow 23 billion from Mrs Lagarde, from which she will borrow all of it to give it to the funds, to go to the Cayman Islands.

Friends, compañeras and compañeros. Fellow travellers, I will say something and tell me if it is sophisticated and far-fetched. I do not believe it is. The Wehrmacht did not manage to do this. During the occupation the Nazis did not think of it, they did not have the intelligence, the ingenuity to think of such an imaginative way to steal Greek property. Having said that, it is a disgrace, Mr Scherzo, to act as the ambassador of the Federal Republic of Germany and say that we are denying and should not demand German reparations. But that is the way it has always been the way it has always been with the sycophants. They were more royal than the king. More German than the Germans. I close the parenthesis. This is Hercules.

Well, look at the debate the other day. In a passage from his speech, the former comrade and former Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, when asked about progressive governments and so on, said something that I liked. He said, he said, that what matters is the unity of the left. Did you hear that? Who would disagree? Will anyone disagree? Unity is everything. United we stand, divided, fragmented. We are defeated. Is there any doubt about that? That's why I'm so happy to see the People's Unity flags next to the Day 25 flags. Because we are united in action. Mr. Tsipras, what do you mean when you say unity of the left? For what we just said about Hercules, what are we going to do about it right now, you know? To raise your hand, because you have red loans. Yes, well, you know what humiliation means? You are called on the phone and humiliated every day by the crows, the predators who want to take fortunes from this country. And I'm not just talking about the issue of social inequality. It's not just taking it from the poor and going to the rich. They're going to take it to the Cayman Islands, they're not even going to eat it in the boomtowns here in Larissa to circulate some money in the area. They'll take it to the Bahamas to eat it with credit cards from Cayman Islands. Mr. Tsipras, what unity are we going to have on this? Are we going to abolish Hercules? Says SYRIZA, I read everyone's programs very carefully. He says, the first thing we're going to do is a PNA, a legislative act to abolish, he says, put a brake on all auctions for six months. And then. Thank you. Thank you. All together, guys. Varoufakis has no value on his own nothing I do nothing.

So, let's get to the big and most important question. It says in the PASOK programme. And SYRIZA's. End to auctions first home protection in PASOK will talk about the Katseli law, which was a very positive law when it was passed, because it did put a brake on auctions? We can send and that was the only good thing that happened in the period from 2011 onwards. But today with Hercules, which was first passed by Syriza creating the digital secondary market for loans and then Mitsotakis came in and built Hercules on top of that. Now that there is Hercules. Think about it. Is it possible to protect the first home, the small business, the farmland? Why is farmland in this maelstrom of red loans? How are you going to protect these properties? At a time when there is Hercules, a market in which red loans are bought and sold at the speed of light all the time, in which the basic housing is in the red loans, in which the small shop is in the red loans, in which the agricultural land is in the red loans. How is this going to be done? Will the market collapse if you put it up for auction, or to put it another way. The fund I mentioned before from Ireland that has taken the red loan of the man I referred to. If he doesn't allow that fund to put it under the hammer, stop the auction. This fund loses whatever money it can get right. Which means what that means is the clause will be triggered with the public guarantee of 23 billion, which means a progressive administration will have to if we freeze the auctions, go to Lagarde, get 23 billion, get it into the funds. Well, they weren't slaughtered. That's what we're going to do, that's the unity of the left? So that's not possible. The only way to stop the public bailout from being activated is to abolish Hercules? PASOK, SYRIZA united determined, do not touch Hercules commitment to the Troika Hercules is untouched Hercules and dry bread, which means that they sell us fumaroles want unity to become ministers. We don't want unity to protect people. The only way to protect the world from Hercules is to abolish Hercules. Instituting, legislating Ulysses, a public company to manage red loans.
They take the red loans there you pay as a borrower a fixed fee every month, small not to exceed 1/6 of disposable income if you have below a certain level of income, you pay nothing, freeze the loan forever, you stay in. You operate in your shop, you farm your land. You can't sell it because that would be unfair to the person who paid off their loan. At some point an arrangement is made with Ulysses. Either you sell it or a way is found, there's a big haircut in perpetuity. The point is to stop the bleeding, stop the looting, stop the exportation of billions to the Cayman Islands. So Alexis Tsipras, do you want progressive governance? Let's talk about Hercules. When we proposed this 2 years ago to talk about him they did or we did something simple. We held a conference in Athens, in the arts, in Technopolis, in Gazi. If you remember the old Gazi and we invited them to come and talk. Years ago, from 2 years ago before the election campaign, calmly Fine tell us what you think we can tell you and we moment. Luca Katseli came because she's an old colleague at the University of Athens SYRIZA, zero zero, guerrilla zero. We continue. This is the first looting mechanism. I call it a goose that lays golden eggs for the oligarchy without borders.

Shall we go to the second one? Energy Exchange. I really never thought there would be such a thing. Why? My first intense political encounters, participation in demonstrations, beatings by mounted police, sadness that we were losing the movements trade unionists were in England. Because from the age of 17 I went to England. I experienced Thatcherism in its entirety, I got it in the face as they say. Thatcher was better than them. Now the KKE will take that and say Varoufakis is a Thatcherite. That's not what I mean. I mean she's even worse than Thatcher let me explain that to you. In the context of the energy exchange. Do you know how Thatcher privatized the British power utility? She went to the British citizens who had no desire to privatise the PPP. It was fine the British PPP worked very well. I had a problem.But he says this, because they were clever, he'll say to them, "Look what we're going to do, what's the price of a kilowatt hour. 50. 50. Okay, I promise you I'm going to legislate that it will never go over 50. I'm going to break the PPP into pieces, I'm going to sell the different pieces to different private parties, I'm going to put other private parties in. But cap it at 50. What it is today and I'll make a sort of stock exchange in a pseudo market to compete with each other until the price drops below 50. Do you have a problem with that? 50 you pay now 50 you pay max. If the private market I create goes below 50, what do you have to lose? Not only that, but you know what he did? How she got along on a plate as she mocked it. When he did the privatization, he didn't sell it to this hedge fund, a predatory fund, like Mitsotakis did.

Here's the little PPC in this unacceptable CVC. Right? Who took our hydroelectric projects, took the wind turbines, took all of PPC. So between the two of them, there was a price to pay. It's a big chunk, it went to the troika. That's what Mitsotakis did. Thatcher was smarter than that. What did she do? She told the world. No one will be able to buy more than 1000 euros of stock. I don't want the predators to get it. I want people's capitalism. Come on, find 1000 euros, borrow it, buy shares and become a shareholder, so I'm transferring it to the public. Electricity to the people. And what did he do? He was selling these shares at a cut price, so that the proletarian, the middle-class, the shopkeeper would know that he would pay €1000 to get a share in the privatised British PPP and tomorrow he could sell it for €2000 and that's how it happened. They made money. What was the result of course? That the big predators bought like a vacuum cleaner sucked up all those shares and now the British are suffering and paying. They are also paying gratuities like we are, but Thatcher also put a cap on the price of electricity. What did they do?

Stathakis. My colleague. Not to say we were friends. From university. He was on the seventh floor of the Ministry of the building with the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Economy. I live on the sixth the Minister of Development and I downstairs when I left boomeranged privatization. And the creation of the energy exchange and he comes out with Alexis Tsipras and they tell you guys energy exchange will drop prices? But they didn't put a cap on it. That's why I'm telling you, they were worse than Thatcher. What they said is the market says it will set the price itself. What market? The energy exchange is not an energy exchange. It's a coffee shop. Five. It is: Vardinoyannis, Latsis, Peristeri, Mytilineos and CVC, that hedge fund, the predatory fund if you put five people in one. Coffee shop. And you tell them you make the price. Do you know how you decide the price of wholesale energy? Vardinoyannis' horde comes in, I say randomly so and says to Latsis' horde, I say let's give them 100 price. Vardinoyannis' lady says, because you're too skinny, put 200. Latsis comes back and says, are you crazy? 250. Mytilineos comes back, he's a bit smarter. Nonsense, if we give them 250, they'll die. It's like a cow, if you kill it, there's no milk. Put 190. They find it, they cook it and they decide. That's how the price of electricity is decided every day. That's the energy exchange.

So say the parties of the progressive arc: PASOK, Syriza. PASOK, PASOK, PASOK, PASOK, PASOK, PASOK, PASOK, PASOK, PASOK, PASOK, PASOK, PASOK, PASOK, PASOK. Did you see their excess profits? There is nothing easier than the CVC. There's no easier thing than CVC hiding the profits of PPC. You know how they do it? CVC has 220 companies. I studied it, I looked it up. Worldwide. Mostly based in Luxembourg, some in Ireland, some in Jersey, a little island between Britain, well. One of them is PPC. You know, if he wants to, if he wants to say I don't make any profit and he makes a profit of 10 billion. I'm saying now that's how they make up numbers. So in my mind it's a 10 billion profit. Before he declares it, he knows what he's doing. He has a company called Fufutos in Luxembourg. It's also a CVC company. What does it produce? Seaweed and silk ribbons, it doesn't matter. The company, after he wipes it out of Luxembourg. It draws a piece of paper. A caricature, a computer code. So a code they say. He sells it to PPC. For 10 billion. Who stops him on the open market? Immediately. PPC doesn't make a profit. How, Mr. Tsipras, how, Mr. Androulakis, will you tax its excess profits or when CVC decides what profits to declare? So one way is to abolish the energy exchange, a 5% cap. The top above the average cost of producing and distributing electricity and over time. In the medium term, not the long term. Nationalisation and re-establishment of a single public power utility, which will be socialised and control of which will pass to local communities.

Two so far your mechanisms of plunder. And of our children. Hercules, stock market, energy. Let's go to the third. Superfund and banks. Combination, superfund and banks. Now why am I linking these? First of all, let me remind you what is the Super Fund? It is something that does not exist anywhere else in the world. Have you listened to the journalists of the interconnectedness? How they attacked us when they themselves went public and did us good? Thank you for this Demeter system of digital transactions. Question, Mr Varoufakis. Where in the European Union, Demetra has been implemented. Nowhere will we implement it because we have the greatest need for it and we have thought about it, but is it possible to implement something in Greece that has not been implemented anywhere else? Yes, the Hyperfund is also applied in Greece and it has not been applied anywhere, but they have no problem with innovation when it comes to a looting mechanism and you are right to say so. So, raptor for the oligarchy without borders, what is the Supercapital? Did they set up a company? Company. What's its name, I've now forgotten its name? The Superfund. And they put in this Super Fund. Into this company all the public property that's left of the public property. And it's a lot of stuff, highways, beaches, archaeological sites. Whole areas that have not been developed, fortunately they have not been developed because they would have been destroyed as well but it's a lot of stuff. The property that's in the Treasury. Okay, that in itself is not a problem. Instead of being in the Treasury. You set up a public company and put it in there. What's the problem? That the management of that company. It's in the hands of the troika. They approve the appointment of the president. And they approve. The appointment of the Vice President. And then what they say that without the President and the Vice President you don't make any decision. In other words, the foreign lenders have the property, the public property of the Greeks, so to speak. Again something I said before? The Wehrmacht didn't do that. They hadn't thought about it. Hitler, if he was somewhere and he was watching, would say: "What an idiot I am to send soldiers. We were killed, and we had to deal with the elites who blew up our bridges, our cars. We couldn't sleep at night. We were in agony. Why didn't these Greeks give up? We were killed in Crete, killed in Macedonia, in Thessaly. We had Ares of Velouhiotis. Why didn't I send the Troika to quietly set up a Super Fund, to take away not just the airports, but everything. Because that's what the Superfund is and you know, friends. This Superfund was made in the name of the Radical Left. A greater dream, a greater defeat for the left worldwide than to do this in the name of the radical left could not be imagined even by the most vile opponent of the working class of the lower middle class of the peoples of the whole world. That is why that brave act of all of you to vote NO in the referendum was an important event. In the world history of the Left in the world history of democracy and that is why the transformation of NO into YES was the greatest betrayal in the history of the Left in the history of democracy, of democratic struggles, of peoples worldwide. And you know they tell me that where I go to Cuba that I was in Mexico? In Brazil, in Germany, in France, our comrades there. They still cry about the capitulation. Ours that night, when instead of celebrating and honoring the magnificent no of the Greek people. Our comrade said yes to everything. And he characterized everything we did together. Illusions.

Those are the three geese that lay the golden eggs, but I'll say a few words about the banks. The banks, as you know, are no longer Greek. Ethniki SA and Piraeus are now owned by predatory funds. There is a thin thread. That connects. It runs through all forms of plunder. The same funds own the PPC, have bought private clinics, such as Health, the metropolitan. I want to buy more. By closing down the NHS you buy colleges from the ones Kerameos is subsidizing. With the minimum admissions base with police democracy, with underfunding of our universities, our schools. This same fine thread of plunder still runs through. And of course the banks and predatory funds. Every public-private partnership. Because these PPPs are not partnerships, they are essentially subjugation of the public sector to the private sector. The state guarantees profits to the private party, who may have a fund who may have a college, who may have a power generation or distribution plant. It is this thread that has tied the Greeks hand and foot. It is, of course, permeating the media of mass deception.

The banks controlled. In the context of this knitting how shall we put it? This thread, which has tied up all the pieces of the mechanism for the plundering of Greek women and men. The banks that we are talking about at this moment. We have the highest rate of exploitation of depositor customers. In Europe. Check it out to see. When you put 1,000 euros in the bank? You get an interest rate of 0.04, which is zero. If they lend you money. It's a minimum of 8% and if it's a credit card it's 24 regular usury. That's the difference? Interest rate on deposits. And loan rates are the highest in Europe. This is money that goes into your pockets. The banks here are the paradox - I won't bore you with the technicalities - they are bankrupt and at the same time they are over-profitable. This is a unique. Paradoxical, paradoxical situation, but in this process, apart from that, apart from the fact that they are robbing you, why don't they give you interest when you have 1000€, 5000€ in the bank? And they give you when you owe, whether it's a red loan or a black loan. The loan is brown loan or green loan. Beyond that. When you go to get one? Anything a food from a restaurant. A chocolate. From a kiosk. And you pay with your debit card the shopkeeper's face darkens because the bank? They'll put a charge on him and take what I earn. He had from that particular transaction. 2 billion a year we as Greek people give to the banks for digital transactions and think about it we give 5 5 half for education. And we give 2 billion to these predatory funds that have taken over the former Greek banks. So that, so that, so that you can use your pensions and your pension goes into one of these accounts. Your salary goes into one of those accounts to go to pay. When the transaction cost is zero, it takes you 2 billion. Total nationally. Why? Do we owe them? Do we have a surplus?

That's where Demetra comes in. That's where Demetra comes in. The Dimitra comes in very simply. A digital system for trading in euros is being created. In euros. They tell me. How many Demetras do you remember of Mitsotakis? How many Demeteras a souvlaki? No, they are not ashamed, the hell they are. It's too much money to be ashamed. It's 2 billion at least, not to mention all the other things we've given examples of. But I have to say that Mitsotakis and his gang have an imagination that I do not have. I give them that. That is when you remember when they brought the market pass and the fuel pass to the House, Pierrakakis with Mitsotakis, with Adonis, with Staikouras. It did not occur to me to make fun of them by saying: 'You will not tell me, Mr Pierrakakis, with the fuel pass, how many Pierrakakis will be per litre of petrol? It did not occur to me to think of that. They don't have a problem. So, imagine how many Piersrakakis with ton market pass is a packet of pasta? We didn't think of that. We're doing another review. Our criticism is the substantive one. That these market passes, fuel passes are a subsidy from Latsis, Vardinoyannis. All the people who are ripping us off at the gas stations. The supermarkets, Marinopoulos, Vassilopoulos and Co. who are robbing us when we go to the supermarket, why are they robbing us? They themselves say that profit rates have increased. How can profit rates increase? It's simple, raise their costs 5%, raise prices 10%. Demeter is the future of digital transactions in countries that have their own central bank, it is built on top of central bank software in countries that don't have them like we do. We would propose to build it on top of the VAT numbers. To put in if the state owes you €100 or I owe you €100 I can put in my own displays your VAT number and you then with the codes you already have on taxisnet they can make mobile apps and debit cards. Fine we can make one, I have no problem with being able to transfer money from one to the other, pay your taxes. Free with no fees. Yes in euros. And you know what else? We can do other things with Demeter that are in our program. Example, remember when I said you have 1000 euros? You put it in the National Bank in Alpha Bank and you get nothing. Imagine a simple contract between the Greek people. And Demeter's saying this, if you park €1000 in your tax account for one year and you touch it for one year of savings, essentially that €1000 in one year pays off taxes of €1080. That's an 8% equivalent interest rate, so you get a one time rebate. And under this format you don't get a substantial equivalent large interest either. So what happens like that? Who benefits from all the beneficial you? Because you're essentially €80 that you wouldn't have had. And the state benefits too. Because when you park 1000€ in his account they leave. Essentially you've lent the state 1000€ for a year. Do you know that now when they go and borrow that they issue bonds issue bonds from the Ministry of Finance, what does that mean? They borrowed money from some shark. Do you know what millions are paying grats to the Greek state? If you see in the financial newspapers it says issue says 10 billion bond 3 billion bond from the Ministry of Finance and we did very well because it was sold musky sold. And underneath it says with the help and advice to Goldman Sacks at Barclays Bank and Alpha Bank. Do you think they are philanthropists? Do you know how many millions they got to do this through the matrix The people will lend the state. It will get an equivalent high interest rate. The state will borrow for free. We will all do our transactions for free and there will be no charge to the bankers.

A little side note here. Hey, look, we understand why they hate us if you're a banker, you hear that and you have a stroke. Stroke destroys the business model they say because they're the only way these banks are going to make money the only way these banks are making money they're not lending anyway. You know, do you know of any small business people who got a loan from a business bank? They only lend to their own people. So they eat each other out of you, they eat the graft. So when they hear the Demetra system they go crazy they run amok with hatred towards the day 25 alliance for the breakup. When Mitsotakis SA hears about abolishing Hercules and creating Odysseus. Abolition of the Yperth Fund. And transfer of the Yperth Fund assets to a new development bank and a new agricultural bank as a capital base to have a public banking system to give credit to the small and medium sized businesses and farmers go crazy, is what they will do.

You heard recently that the Council of State has finally stood up for once.On the water issue. Do you remember that? Did you hear it on the news? The Council of State said, no they stood their ground against Mitsotakis SA and they also said to SYRIZA that what had been done under SYRIZA and continues today under Mitsotakis. This with the water that the shares of EYDAP and EYATH water company. And sewerage of Attica and Thessaloniki and these shares, like all public property, had gone under SYRIZA to the State Treasury to foreign lenders and the Council of State said that they must be returned to the public. Mitsotakis SA one night tabled an amendment to cancel the Council of State the Council of State again bravo them again for once they stood up and said no. And they made this amendment by the Mitsotakis government, Mitsotakis SA, illegal. Again for the third time, for the fourth time. Finally even Mitsotakis SA, they said okay, what can we do? We will return the shares. To the public. They haven't returned it yet, do you know why? The lenders won't let them. The lenders have told them this and you read this, I read it in the Nauteboriki, one of their own newspapers, I didn't read it in any Marxist Leninist newspaper, it's the one that says. Their lenders don't sit where you go where you go with the shares of EADAP and PPC. Mine are these. Occupation, a country under occupation. And with a shaky voice, Mr Mitsotakis' ministers are doing well, he says, we'll give you equivalents, they're looking for them. Property that he hasn't told the State Treasury that the lenders don't have to put into the State Treasury. Remember the so-called equivalents to take her shares? When they listen to us saying, we will place, we say about with one law and one article will be a lot. The articles will be enough laws already we have given samples of writing. In December 2020, we submitted a comprehensive proposal for a law on Ulysses, on the Superfund, on the ADA, on all that for the energy exchange. For all of them. We filed a law, as in if we were a government, what we would legislate for you vendors to judge us and of course for the oligarchic oligarchy to have a stroke.

It is no coincidence, my friends, compañeros and compañeros fellow travellers, that at the moment Mr.Marinakis has forbidden his journalists to publish anything about the day 25 alliance for the rupture of Cleon Gregoriadis 2 weeks ago. He was about to go on a panel. And they called Eric, the press spokesman, here from Mega, and they said, can we have another MP because they don't want, ours says Cleon Gregoriadis, because Gregoriadis had also said in parliament. The truth that Marinakis, Alafouzos, Vardinoyannis, Latsis and the evil conglomerate of London shipowners transported Putin's oil, while their channels. They were demonising us because we were calling for the one peace process to stop the killing. People are being killed on the battlefields. So Cleones was rejected and lied to. In fact, he was told that when we said no, it was either time or no time. I said yes. We'll shrink the panel will only be for the major parties nonsense. A fine big panel. It was episode one episode two. Good journalist of the Marinaki-owned news, asked me for an interview. He's interviewed me a lot, he's a very good journalist. I gave it to him, I sat down one Sunday. It was I remember 7 hours. It was a difficult interview, it was a lot of questions and he gave him the attention he needed. He thanked me man, thank you very much good luck. It was not published we learn marinakis order he did not in my newspapers. Yesterday they had another panel on the same show that was to go out one 2-3 weeks ago was to go Kriton Arsenis. Phone. You're not going. We don't want you, we will have a smaller panel, as if they had a smaller panel all the parliamentary parties were there and we were replaced with by Mrs. Koutsouba. We don't have a problem with the Partisan, we want her to be on every panel. But what Marinakis is doing, Alafouzos, who sued Kleon Grigoriadis. Think about that, you have a shipowner who is even a channel owner. And you have a pundit pundit. The shipowner is suing, the Parliamentary Party Spokesman of the House of Representatives. For things he said from the floor of the House, isn't that news? Front page is his channel, no channel played it silent.

No one mentioned the lawsuit that he filed against Kleon so look at it, we love it back to the we, we want their hate, their hate means we're doing what we have to do for the many, for the workers, for all of them. The young, especially the women of all those. Who are having your lives plundered every day. The struggle against the oligarchy is not a walk in the park. Breaking up is not a walk in the park, it comes at a cost. We wish we didn't have to. To write our books? We'd like to hang out together. Have a drink together. We would very much like to live a normal life, but there is no such option because if there is no rupture with all the things I have listed today this country will become a Kosovo with beautiful beaches and mountain tops. Because I am talking about Kosovo, if you go to Kosovo, what will you see? A place without youth, everyone has left, everyone has left only old people. Go to Pristina put your debit card from the highway from the gallery in an ATM will you get out? Euros, they have Euros. They have no future. There goes Greece. If we care about this place. If. We feel the political, moral and cultural and historical responsibility. To make it viable again because this place is not viable for the reasons I have already described. We have a sacred obligation to stand all together to set aside bitterness, to work for the true unity of the left, of movements, of progress through the rupture unity to become ministers better, to die. Unity to do the rupture, we will die for it. We will give everything we have and we don't have against Marinakis against Mytilene against Alafouzos against all those who darken the minds of the Greek women who darken the minds of the Greeks.

I have referred too briefly. In Ukraine. The day 25 alliance for the rupture does not chew our words. We are not black and white. When Putin walked in. In Ukraine we came out to condemn him as a war criminal. Because he has been a war criminal since 2001, when he killed 250,000 foreigners to install his authoritarian government. At the same time, what we said this war if it doesn't stop, now it will never stop. It is trench warfare what is happening in the backround today what is happening in Donbass, what is happening up to Mariupol. There is no end to it, there will be no winner out of it. All the losers will be all the people, not just of Ukraine and Russia, but of Africa who are starving right now because of the increase in the price of fertilizer because of the increase in the price of agricultural products because of the increase in the price of energy in Asia. Europe is fragmented, Europe no longer exists. The European Union is a figment of our imagination now. Mr. Stoltenberg, whom not even his family knew. He's in charge, giving orders to Macron and Gotse What can they say? We don't even have the Franco-German axis anymore, we have Washington. With a mostly Goldberg, which is. A gallery of the United States. The United States that is starting at this moment not at this moment for about a year now a new cold war against China, that is to say we have the hot war in the periphery of Europe. We also have a nascent nuclear holocaust between the United States and China. What should we do? Remember that the only way to be a patriot is to be an internationalist and the only way to be an internationalist is to be a patriot. We have taken the initiative for a year now to create. Remember the Athens Declaration with Jeremy Corbyn and the Turkish comrade Golan? The Declaration of Athens for a new Non-Aligned Movement since we were in Cuba on the 25th day twinned with the Communist, Cuban I was with the President of Mexico in August I will be with President Lula of Brazil.

Because this movement here in Greece may be small, but it has great aspirations and has the potential to empty itself, to interconnect internationalistically. With the movements. With the governments. With communities. With unions around the world. In December we launch for the fourth year in a row a global. Rolling strike against Amazon that will start the you remember, you know December will start this year in Vietnam. It will go to Bangladesh, it will go to the same, it will go to Germany from Germany it will go to the goal. It's going to go through Seattle 200 million workers are going to join the Amazon mobilization because Amazon is emblematic of the new techno-federalism of the new way of squeezing the life out of young people. It will come and here it already exists with e food with goal goals, we are looking forward, we are the left that honors the history of the left, but we are looking forward, we are not stuck in the past this some. They think it's revisionism, it's not revisionism it is. The only way to exist as the new great militant left. The faction, which we will use this election to return stronger to the parliament, but our goal after the election is to build a new great faction, to use the governmental progressive. Optimistic plan which we have to become a force to be reckoned with, a force with the goal of power, not for power, but for people, not for office. Thank you very much.