And I want to go into education. We have known for years that the focus of education has moved away from public school, high school, and middle school and into tutorials. What have we done about it? Mitsotakis is fighting with SYRIZA over the base 10. The leftists say get into universities without exams or if they say base 10, but they don't address the problem because thousands of Greek children below base 10 are simply too low when you throw the focus on private education. And the public system is not functioning properly. Thousands of students don't have the same financial possibilities, their families don't have the same support for them in the same way, and that's what we're doing. We're institutionally changing education to really address the program and not with conflicts, without content. The national baccalaureate is the solution for us. What does a national baccalaureate mean? The national baccalaureate has a 2-year exam. And in the second high school and in the third high school so the future of the learner is not judged in 2 weeks with what this means for his psychology, for his family, for the cost of expenses to raise a child, my child, and of course afterwards there are extra exams that are taken into account for the many options. This is a system that in a way exists in Germany and France so that children have much more of a chance without paying high costs in private schools, their parents, and of course special education structures. We are not a normal European country in this respect. Thousands of families who have children on the autism spectrum give too much money that cannot be covered by benefits to support their children. That is why we say strong special education structures to reflect the real school of inclusion and finally, reinforcement of teaching. Reinforcement of teaching means that the child of the weak Greek can have time in school and do the tutoring that others do outside of school, but with an extensive network so that we can reduce the inequalities within our society.