I would like to thank you for being here again today. We talked again a short time ago and now we have returned to my favorite region and my favorite law that honors the Greek solution and all Greeks. I warmly thank them once again for their appreciation of the person, not mine, but the person that the Greek solution represents in the Greek parliament and the continuous struggle that we are fighting.

I would like to say that I am troubled by the various dealers and rodents in the public sector who, since last night, have attempted to smear the Greek solution. This is the tactic of New Democracy and the Ministry of Maximus, who pay the public because they have too much money. This means that they can take money from the state and give it to their rodents to do the dirty work in relation to what I said. We are talking about a coordinated character attack on the F-35. On a TV show, I expressed my doubts about the F-35 for many reasons, the most important being that I cannot consent without seeing a contract that a government signs for the next 5 years. It is the Greek people's money, and no one has the right to sign without knowing what they are receiving. So I said in this interview that we should say yes or no to the F-35 only after seeing the contract, and I stand by that. Some time ago, the New Republic site was talking about technical problems of the F-35 before their party decided to buy it. Another site of the New Republic published a bomb from Israel about the F-35 having serious problems. The US grounded many F-35s due to a problem in the ejection system of the pilots. That is, a few months ago, the New Republic sites were talking about problems concerning this particular weapon system. This made me cautious, and I repeat that I am cautious. If I don't see the type of aircraft, I am cautious, and it is my obligation because this purchase involves the Greek people's money.

On the other hand, I must stress that the purchase of this aircraft weapon system will create a babel of aircraft in Greek airspace. We will have many types of aircraft, and I don't know whether they are military or specialists among us. They realize that we're going to have Mirage, Rafale, and F-35. You can't have a multitude of aircraft. It's an issue that we have to take seriously. The Greek solution raises issues of reservations and mainly on the basis of national interest rather than the dealer of any weapons systems. There's a lot of money at stake on the sites from advertisements and ads. Norway has done a survey before asking for the F-35, and it says that each of the F-35s will cost about 769 million euros each over their life cycle. Norway says that it's a huge amount because it's an aircraft that needs expensive servicing, so the cost that the Greek people have to pay goes up. These aircraft in Greece have a closed area in the Aegean. The Greek solution and our experts tell us that they are very good aircraft as long as the Americans would give us the weapons systems compared to the nuclear weapons that the F-35s carry. They don't give them to us. So at the level of confined space, like the Aegean, because they are of a bombing nature, they have some weaknesses. Our reservations are based on concrete things. If we really wanted to get the F-35, and it is an exceptional case, we would have to push our American friends to give us their nuclear weapons together so that we have the necessary arsenal. Otherwise, we need to think it through, look at the contract, see what weapons they carry, and how they give them to us. Don't forget we paid dearly for the submarines that were being raised, and it took years to make them truly seaworthy. Let's not forget what happened to the self-protection system with the F-16. The OSPs, which strangely enough we didn't pay for, we didn't receive in the beginning, and we've been waiting a few years. These things trouble us. Getting an aircraft naked doesn't tell me anything about it, and I say we need to look at the Convention.

But we, in the logic of the New Republic, have been writing posts about problems on the site for months. Today, it seems like rodents and hyenas are trying to assassinate the character of the Greek solution. We cannot say that we understand the panic of the New Democracy and their desire to govern independently, but we cannot understand the stench, the dirt, the mud, the stench, and above all, the sewer with which they are attempting to create character assassination of people. I say this bluntly. In closing, I would like to say that the Greek solution once again defends the national interest and not the interests of arms companies. We are defending the national interest. We are neither dealers nor do we have interests as a site or as a channel to take advertising from arms companies because the kickbacks are going somewhere.

In closing, we are particularly cautious with the party of Zayef's false Macedonia. We are also cautious with the party of Siemens, Novartis, and the party of New Democracy, which has been directly assigned 10 billion euros. We are skeptical because all they know how to do is eat with golden spoons, drink the best wines with their friends, and leave the Greek people hungry. That is why I keep insisting on the necessity to stop lying. The New Democracy cannot talk about wage increases when it is a fact that due to the revaluations and the 15-20, 70-80, 80-90% of the conditions, the Greek people have become poorer. We insist on the thirteenth pension, the increase in OGA pensioners, IKA pensioners, and all pensioners. We insist that at some point, the New Democracy understands that it is good to feed its rodents the 2300 along with PASOK and SYRIZA Booleans in the independent authorities. But we will take this one billion euro and give it to the pensioner, the employee, and all those who toil daily to survive. We are now talking about survival, not subsistence. We have reached the limit of talking about survival and not living.

For its part, the New Democracy has created a virtual reality with the well-paid media, the national media, and it is well known that the Greek Solution is not treated equally by the channels. It is a given; there is no need. We know how we struggle, we know that we have to deal with the dirty system of Athens Kolonaki, the mentality of the 40,000 people who are based and reside in Athens but who exploit the state budget, and all those shipowners who own the media. Hence, our anxiety for the elections on the 25th for one reason alone. It is an election, substantial elections. They are elections that will give the country or give the country a tomorrow that we envision. If the Greek Solution succeeds and gets more than 8%, it is certain that the self-reliance will end for the New Democracy and the other parties not to lose strength. This is Mr. Mitsotakis' problem. And that's why he put the executioner journalists within quotation marks, his own pistols to execute the character of the Greek Solution.

We are carrying out a national project. We will not stop, we will persevere, we will continue. We will fight our battle and we will speak to the Greek people in the language of truth. It is not our concern, it is not our interest, their dirty palace. At some point, a smile at everyone's foolishness. I cannot listen to PASOK, New Democracy, and SYRIZA squabbling over the country's tax system. I find it truly disgusting. When there is a specific solution that we proposed to all the 15% horizontal tax and it ends tax evasion and tax avoidance ends the big problem of the country, they don't do it, and I will tell you why. It is time to speak the language of truth. If a product last year made €10, VAT is 24%, so the state was getting €2.4. This year when the product makes €20 with the same VAT, the state gets €4.8. That is how the state steals with indirect taxes. That is why we have had an increase in VAT revenue. It took 5 billion more at least distributed the one and a half billion and a half billion to the Greeks and thinks the Greeks are relieved. Aspirin for gangrene does not help, and whether these parties have programs does not help either. One can see this from the party of Androulakis who does not know what is happening to him, not as Androulakis his party. I imagine he knows what he's about; I have reservations about that, but it doesn't matter. When he says that he will tax multinationals, the basic rule of economics is that multinationals unfortunately are not taxed; they are not double-taxed.

These people want to understand power, but they can't understand what it means to run a public administration and government. It is unacceptable to say these things, and it turns out that this party is a real media bubble. As long as they needed it, they were inflating it. We got it to 18%, 19%, 20% in the polls a long time ago, and among the deflate again, they attempted after the election to inflate it again. They are deflating it again. Why? When you're subject to the media and when you're held by a dirty black system, they're bound to do what they want. Can't they do what they want to us because we have no dependence on them? We are independent, really. And I mean what I say, and I say it as a provincial northerner.

And since we are talking about programs, let me read to you what the New Democracy ministers said about their infamous program. If they had a program, they would not have imposed such high taxes, of course. I have to say something. Mr. Mitsotakis claims he cut 50 taxes and left wages untouched. I suggest that the Greek Prime Minister take the salary he gives to Greek citizens and try to survive on it himself starting tomorrow morning. I recommend he enter the labor market and work for a month to see if he can survive on the salary he claims to have increased. If the wage increase Mr. Mitsotakis is talking about covers accuracy, electricity costs, and the cost of living, then he really has a problem understanding and comprehending the economic facts of the country. He has never struggled, and this is not my personal opinion, but the truth. It is one thing to struggle to survive and another for others to struggle for you to survive and live well.

And because I saw him raise the cloth of patriotism, he says that this Prime Minister is essentially a patriot and he put SYRIZA in the crosshairs for what happened in the prefecture of Rodopi. It is really unpatriotic to elect a SYRIZA MP who declares himself a Turk. I will tell him this. He has been a minister for decades, a prime minister for years, and he does not know what is happening in Thrace, nor does he know the role of the Consulate. If he and the others are so patriotic, why don't they do the obvious? Is it the fault of the MP who works as a Turk when the Consulate operates in this way, or is the consulate operating with this logic? Because when the tooth hurts, you don't cut the head off; you take out the tooth or heal the problem in the tooth. The only solution, Mr Mitsotakis, to prove that you are a patriot is to tear down the consulate from Komotini. Everything else is cheap patriotism. Full stop. Let us clarify the reasons for the existence of politicians and even a party that has a very good relationship with Mr Zaev, which even now, while we are talking about patriotism, still has the beggar in jail. Okay, let's be a little shorter. Our boot on the level of patriotism, because it really is small in the new democracy.

I would also like to apologize since we're talking about numbers. I am joking, but these are really very difficult days we are going through. May I read what Mr Staikouras said about the New Democracy programme? Staikouras said the cost is 9 billion, Dakis MP said 8.9 billion on Real Fm, Plevris said 4 billion on Real Fm, Spanakis said 7 billion on Real Fm, Skylakakis said 5.5 billion on Sky, Skylakakis made another statement of 9 billion on Real Fm, M. Asimakopoulou said 9.1 billion, Economou said eight and a half billion. This is the program of New Democracy that ministers and deputies do not know how much it costs. Can they understand their mockery? They are the ones who govern and the Greek people voted for them by 41%. For hours and hours, I wonder at the new Greek who doesn't see the taxation. They don't see that there is no return on what they do in terms of income, and they don't want to understand the obvious that the one who murdered them nationally, socially, politically, economically cannot be their savior. Neither New Democracy, nor SYRIZA, nor PASOK can be the saviors of Greece.

The saviors of Greece are those who can make specific cuts in the Greek economy and take specific actions, not through wind turbine fairy tales like in Dadia. Are they not ashamed to set up wind turbines in Dadia? Do they not feel ashamed to set up wind turbines and photovoltaics on Greek land so that their friends, the Germans, can take billions and pay energy providers with money subsidized by the Greek people through the PPC?

I try to be as consistent as I can be. To be clear, I'll just say this: with lies, the Prime Minister won the election with the help of the media and stole the result. After the elections, the Greek people will bitterly regret choosing New Democracy if they do so again. I can prove when the minister is lying. The Prime Minister doesn't even know that there are auctions happening in Greece right now. He said there are not. He also doesn't know that the electronic auctions that Syriza legislated do not exist in any country in Europe. Not one. The Prime Minister says that the banks should help the citizens, but he knows that every day they charge Greeks €500 to transfer money to their children, and they only receive €15-20 in remittance. This doesn't happen in any other country in Europe. The Prime Minister also knows that the banks took about 70 billion euros from the Greek people and never returned it or taxed it. A Prime Minister like that doesn't deserve to govern Greece or the Greeks.

I am at everyone's disposal to say only one thing in front of me: some paintings. I don't know if you can show them. These paintings prove that PASOK, New Democracy, and Syriza are incapable of understanding that tourism is not a heavy industry. It proves how much money they leave based on what they say to ELSTAT, but also to responsible bodies involved in tourism. How much money are foreign tourists leaving in Greece? In Central Macedonia, the daily expenditure in commercial markets per region is €17, in Crete it is €26 per person, in Athens it is €15, in the Aegean and Corfu it is €13. Daily spending in commercial markets by nationality: Americans leave €21 per day, French leave €18 per day, Germans leave €17 per day, Italians leave €16 per day, and English leave €20 per day. This is our heavy industry. In 5 days, an Englishman will leave €700-€800 in Greece. The rest of the airline hotel is going out, they don't leave that money here though, because everything the tourists eat here is imported. So it's not heavy industry. We want to link tourism with the production of wealth and with farmers. Androulakis stole this idea from us, as they steal every proposal we make. But whoever steals proposals and ideas does not mean that they can be implemented. We are talking about applied policy. That is the difference between us and the other parties. What we say, we can implement.

And the worst thing, friends, is to end here. This is what I read. This research was conducted by a global institute. Greece has the highest rate of depression in the world. We are in first place with 6.52%. How proud can a prime minister feel to lead the country with the highest depression rate in the world? Let's not praise the prime minister and New Democracy, let's not vote for them again for the imprisonment of compulsory abolition of rights, impoverishment, unstoppable terror, and marginalization of Greeks. Let's not applaud them voters and if they want to vote for them again, let's not let them.