Friends and friends, fellow travellers. We welcome the leader of Day 25, Alliance for a Break, Yanis Varoufakis. Thank you very much Maria, thank you all for being here. The Aegean is the only one. Provincial small town to which we come where I come I the kleon, Kriton, wisdom will go to others, but there is a reason my, let me share it with you. It is an attempt so to honor and remember and also to remember myself. My grandmother. Who is from here, she's from the rosewood Trissygene Economou. She was born in 1898 and died in 1983. So that's why Trissygene I'm doing today, so the exception to come to αίγιο, but other than that it's a great pleasure to be here. So, I'm not going to make a ten-cardinal speech, I think we'll do it a little differently. I'm going to talk for a few minutes to warm you up a little bit and then we'll share the microphone. Questions, short placements, so that as many people as possible can speak because through the conversation it will come out much more beautifully. So the issues then, friends, fellow travellers as we say on day 25.

Things are simple. The day before yesterday. We closed St. George's not if I'm not mistaken, it was 13 years since the first memorandum. Well, there are 2 Narratives here, there is the New Democracy PASOK SYRIZA narrative that the Memoranda are over? Greece is a free country, that this is what they call the European framework, but it is not European, it has nothing to do with Europe, it is the memorandum framework, it is the framework of the troika of the conquerors. So Souble and Sia. There is a framework within which we have to move, say those who think we are gone. We have escaped from the memorandum Greece from what we don't call in the day 25 Chreodoulouparikia, A Chreodoulouparikia. There is this view and they are arguing with each other. Mitsotakis, Tsipras Androulakis on how to manage this mnemonic framework. Tsipras says, I got you out of the memoranda Mitsotakis says what are you saying I got you out of the memoranda. Androulakis says, if it hadn't been for me who had put you in the memoranda, we wouldn't have come out of the memoranda.

They are also fighting over the have you heard of the investment grade. Do you know what that is? Q. Say you have a friend, Kostas or Helen, a girlfriend and she comes and tells you. I'm not dating, I have a mortgage, I can't pay it. I can't sell it. My income is not what it used to be. And the payments are sky high, but a gentleman comes in. And he gives me a credit card to draw some money to make me pretend to pay it off and now where he gave it to me at a prohibitive interest rate he gives it to me at a slightly lower interest rate, but still a much higher interest rate than what I can lift. What would you tell your friend to your friend? Take it get another credit card. That's it. The whole thing about the investment grade is that they're going to grade what we call the Debt Service. So if there is that view, view is that everything is going well. And it's just a management issue of which one of them is going to manage it better? The day 25 view is diametrically opposed that God himself descend with angels. This thing can't manage it to talk very specifically to give specific examples and then they start talking.

24% VAT. In which country has 24% VAT in none only in Greece, in Germany 10 9. In Germany, in Germany, in the mighty Germany, 19 judge that 20 is too many. Here we are next to Bulgaria. No 12. 12. One prisoner. Second prisoner. Here this shop any shop has to pay this year the tax that the tax office tells them what they have to pay and the tax that they have to pay next year 100% tax prepayment this is not done in any is done in Germany this is done in France. If you go to a German businessman and say, you know why you're going to pay this year now 2023 the tax for 22 but also what the tax office estimates you'll have to pay for 23 24. The German businessman will get up and hang you upside down. No, he will accept that.

Red loans. Yes yes I ask you to raise your hand to me that you have a problem with loans. Honestly now so. Well look, you're not alone, we have a million and a half Greeks who have red loans and you know what? We're going to have 700,000. Within the next year, because loans that are red today are going red because the interest rates have gone up and because the incomes the real incomes, after you pay the electricity after you pay the supermarket you pay the tuition for your kids disappear but you're going to redden another 7 20. The Greek population is basically in red loans. Now some people are telling me well Johnny. If what you say is true, why is gold the newspaper of the New York financiers? Gold became the brokers' paper in London. They talk in the most... excited terms. And aggressive. Identification of Greece. Are they so glorifying Tsipras? As much as Mitsotakis. How is that possible? Nothing good can have been done to this country Well, listen, don't let them make fun of you if you are. Stockbroker. In New York in London you have every reason to rub your hands, you are listening to Greece. And he's drooling. With joy. Why is there so much food in Greece for him? Why do you owe 100 grand? Well, you got yourself a house. I'll give you a specific example of a man who already knew. He had gotten a house once for 130 grand. So he put down 60. And. He borrowed the rest. Within 6, 7, 8 years he had paid off a big chunk of the loan, but then the crisis happens he can't pay it. That amount he had left next year he had no more than 30 grand left. Today it's 100 with the overcoats. With the penalties with one thing and another he owes 100 on the house. He's paid it in. Big over 50% of his own. The money has already paid it back over 50%. And yet here comes a fund set up in Delaware in the United States or Jersey which is an island between France and Britain. There they are, you know, tax havens. You set up a company there and even the state doesn't know. Who owns the company? Is it understandable? We're talking about criminal situations. So they set up a fund. Now who is it that has founded it? It may be the Greek banker, it may be the English banker. Usually they have shareholders, they have contributed bankers or raw or. Mitsotakis' social circle and of course the London and EU financiers. New York. So then I say, come on this man's they take away the 100,000 loan he now owes for 3 grand. And they start bashing him daily, humiliating him with one phone call after another, one humiliation after another. What's the goal for you to think about if this house? They put it up for auction for 50 grand. This man has given up about 90,100 out of his own pocket already. They're putting it under the hammer for 50 grand. They've given 3. They've given 3 and they're holding 47 grand in their pocket. And that's what they're making. In Jersey and then from there they go to Kaman Island because Kaman Island is their bank and they don't pay taxes? Think about that crime? For three grand they took the House of Man. And at the same time they took 40 50 grand out of the country and do you know how Mr. Staikouras the Minister of Finance counts that from today until the day before yesterday? As a direct foreign investment and he asks you to praise him for the increase in foreign direct investment, he says, for the 3,000 euros that the fund allegedly counts as investment, 3,000 euros came from abroad to Greece and went to 50. And they say to me Some well Okay I don't have a loan what do I care. I've paid off all the loans. It doesn't go choking the one who did the stupid thing to get it, does it? Friends and friends, why why why? When you own your shop you even haven't done, you've paid off, you've never had a loan so good for you Thought yes, but when the shop next door is killed by the predatory cashier, it brings down the price of his own shop. So it has an impact on you. We are not proposing with the Odysseus plan to replace Hercules to give away loans because the one who has paid back the loan that didn't get a loan. And he did not say what a nut so to take it out in the subic, but I am stupid because I did not also take a loan if you give it away we do not say this we say something very, very reasonable. We are creating a public company public company, which in fact will not even have branches, nowhere it will be electronic, it will be through the Internet as one of these platforms will pass all the red loans on the books. The accounts of this company. Nice you who owns a primary residence or a small business. Fine freeze your loan freeze what was this remains and. You pay a fee to this company that will not exceed 1/6th. Of your disposable income to use it or run your shop or live with your family in that house. Forever, for as long as it takes to get through this crisis until we can see what we can do to give you a big haircut. So that this public management company that has given some money to the predatory funds to get these loans to move. At some point the value of the property will outgrow it, it will exceed the value of the loan, then you can either sell it if you want to, but you won't lose the percentage it has already paid off. That is, if you've paid off 40%. When it's sold, you get the 40%. But right now with what they're doing you can be 90% paid off, the predatory fund comes in, takes it, puts it under the hammer. And you get exactly what? Zero to zero on the quotient.

So they don't want you to hear now and again about the energy exchange, do you understand what the energy exchange is? Because if I believe this, that if a New Democrat I'm not talking about my people or our people, a New Democrat understood what the energy exchange is. She would have risen up to eat them. Her people, his people. Because think about what they did? What had we built a PPP? Out of the Greek people's savings. Konstantinos Karamanlis wasn't even a leftist. Konstantinos Karamanlis started building the PPP. When was it 57 58? The PPC is what the Trojans, the vampelites came and imposed on the government of George Papandreou. Do you remember two thousand DEKA so the breakage to break the PPC, they built the deddee which is the distribution network? They built ADMIE. Which is the high-power network for long-distance transmission and. Then they started to give it to, for example, Mytilineos, which is Mytilineos. He went and bought Aluminion of Greece in the old PESINE if you remember so, they gave him all the debts, of PESINE to PPC which was, it wasn't an eup of the country, almost uh not so much, but it was huge amounts they gave him that. And on top of that they gave him a license to produce electricity, to sell it to the PPC, not only did he not pay the PPC, but he was taking out of the PPC and at some point they abolished the PPC and made him a millennial man and then they fixed it under SYRIZA like that, after I resigned from the government with Stathakis and Tsipras going on TV and saying we have fixed the energy exchange, everything is going to be much better in energy for the country. Your bills will go down because we are introducing, he says competition in the stock exchange, in the stock exchange, in a stock exchange there is competition So there are many buyers who. compete with each other and so the price goes up there are many sellers who compete with each other and the price goes down and so there comes an equilibrium which normally, according to the theory of the Liberal economists, balances the market. Yes folks, but in a stock exchange whether it is in Paris or whether it is in London or whether it is in New York there must be hundreds of thousands of players for it to work for there to be a market, for there to be competition. Here you know that there are 5. 5 5 5 People don't make a stock exchange, you know, they make a café? And not a very nice one at that. So this tab is a coffee shop. So 5 people sit around and say nice. Let's compete with each other to fix the price of electricity that the suckers will pay. You see what happens, they get along. And then what he comes along and does. Mitsotakis A.E. to steal from people. They were at one point to the point where it was 500 € per megawatt hour. 500 € on the stock exchange and he comes and says, we had made proposals with MERA 25. With great intensity to have a cap that is. In particular. The kilowatt-hours produced by wind energy. It is provided free, the cost is zero when you have the wind turbine turns that zero cost of production when you have a hydroelectric project. Running water turn. The turbine produces zero kilowatt-hour has a maintenance cost. The turbine but what a bullshit nothing is yes, but you pay for that power as if it was produced from the most expensive liquefied natural gas that comes not from Putin anymore, but because of war Ukraine comes from Texas. Imagine what price you are paying. They take gas out of the ground in Texas, liquefy it, take it to -250 degrees to liquefy it, put it on a tanker and bring it here. You understand and that's the price you pay. The kilowatt hour, produced by our own former PPP with the Water of God turning the turbine at zero cost and they pocket it.

The company that took over the PPC is CVC which took over the private hospitals. You know the Health in Athens, the Metropolitan in Thessaloniki. So it is trying to get its hand into the NHS and it took over the PPC. Deddee let me tell you about deddee that it is the one that transmits the electricity. From the power plants to our home nicely. They gave him to an Australian bank called Macquarie that I happen to know. I know they're common law criminals. And I'm telling you straight out and we have cameras and please sue me. Is this the same company or mackaroo that before he came to take the bundle had gone to England and bought the London water company all of London 5 years ago, the London water company, the London EWS? Which is called Thames Water, he had taken it for £5 billion. Not Euro pounds 5 million pounds 5 million pounds. Of that three he didn't have, he borrowed it and dumped it on Temps Water. And what does he do with it? He borrows a total of another £10 billion. Using the company he bought as collateral. And you know what they're saying? That was invested, not distributed to shareholders, it was eaten, it was eaten and now Temps Water is left. Without antiquated technology, London's water quality is crap. The sewers are constantly overflowing and water is falling into the Thames and the seas. Because there is no infrastructure, there is no investment, but they have taken the 10 billion and pocketed it and gone. They have the money, do you understand? These criminals have the right to know what they're going to do, May 1st; now the day after tomorrow. You guys look at the utility bill. Whatever that bill is. Anyway you will see that there is a fixed charge for the dedje. Which so far is 52 cents per kilowatt hour. You know it's going to go on the first of May 4.4 € from 52 cents to 4.4 € per kilowatt hour that's a 752% increase and that's what he decided. The maquari that has taken it has tied it together with Mitsotakis. I could tell you stories. Piraeus, Piraeus Bank, which we have saved 4 times, we Greek citizens, you your children have borrowed 4 times to save Piraeus. Do you know to whom they have given it to another criminal under common law? Please Mr. John Polson, we have a camera Yes, Mr. John Polson, because he is the one who has taken you are common law criminals Please sue me like Alafouzos did to Kleonas. Have some fun and come make a complaint because he says he was a criminal.

He was caught in America. Stockbroker in New York. Doing the unbelievably awesome. Then you remember 2007, 2014 Goldman Sachs and so on. So another great business. Commercial bank 1 1 1 another predator what did they do? Paulson He was making derivatives he was putting in boxes pieces of loans he knew were red. That is, they would not be repaid and along with Goldman Sachs had them Goldman Sachs was picking up clients, investors and some middle class people who wanted somewhere to put their money and they were selling them, that is, they were selling them rotten derivatives, knowing why they had made them, that they were rotten and they were caught imale. It is a valid understanding between Mr. John Paulson and the CEO of Goldman Sachs. Making fun of each other's clients and calling them sponges they were told. Sponges such that like dumb little animals, they suck up all the garbage they can find. Of these they were about to put him in jail, oil Obama Obama forgave him gave him pardon and off went the gentleman and what he did mostly goal came and took the Piraeus Bank. Because he can't get around New York. After that, because okay they didn't put him in jail but people know what a puppy he is and he came here. And under Syriza he took Piraeus in 2015 16 after I left the ministry, that's the situation. This is can we can tell such stories until the morning we won't do it Because I said I'll see you, I'll give you the microphone, but I want to say just a minute.

I want to say this, have you heard all the demonization now all the scaremongering of Varoufakis and Mera will close our banks one after the other E E E heard this Do you know why they say this? So that what I'm telling you now won't be heard. So that the people out there don't know that the young New Democrats don't know how they are being looted, how they are living obscenely close to their own people, because that's the problem with the popular class A Right, whether it was the People's Party, Old H The ERE, New Democracy are stealing from their people because the vast majority of people who vote for New Democracy are breadwinners they are small and middle class, they are not predators, Few are the predators who take them. That's why there is day 25. To call a spade a spade we are not afraid. We name them. Did you see who they're thanking? Latsis came out and thanked Samaras, Tsipras, Mitsotakis. You saw who they are suing Cleon and I hope the gentleman will sue me and do me a favour. But know that there is a political cost. This comes out of the demonization we have received. On a personal level, both my Danish wife and I and all of his children day 25. There's an encouragement if you will. Troubled people resorting to violence against us is fine with us. This is the stakes of the election to tell the truth to testify as we have been doing for 4 years now and judge us because we have filed draft bills in the House on red loans, on the energy exchange, on taxation. We're a group of very much a handful of MPs and we've done more work than the rest of them. House, I really say that. I'm not saying it to brag, but if you look at the work they've done. The MPs along with Alexis Smyrlis who want to thank him Alexis is a young man who has is like St. Anoufrios which has melted because for 4 years now he has been working 22 hours a day. He is an economist, he helps to work on our draft laws. We have, I am very proud of his team of day 25 and now we are together with other forces of the left, with the popular unity, with Seraphim Seferiadis from the university with Herault, they are very great. A fighter from Larissa with Mario Dinalis from Crete with Dimitris Zervoudakis from Thessaloniki. With too many people, with too many movements. On day 25 in the Alliance for Rupture as we now call this frontal united effort not only will we be in Parliament, there is no doubt about it. We will be in parliament and very much strengthened, but we will also be something else, much more important that the real struggle begins after the elections. We are creating the great democratic militant leftist party that this country no longer has that and it must have it thank you very much for being here. In the end I spoke more than I wanted to speak, but I could not.