Friends. It is a great honor to be here today. And those of you who are here in person? And those of you participating online. Some of you we've known for years. Most of us we don't know. That's a truth. It is good that today we have a very important opportunity to discuss, to exchange. I want to start with opinions first. From the initiative of the network. From abroad. It was an idea. For many years now, which for many reasons did not take shape, I am very happy that now with an initiative. of certain friends and comrades. This initiative is becoming a reality. Because we have a need and a debt. To listen to Greece that is outside Greece. Unfortunately or fortunately for many, many years. The Greeks were staying in their own country and we had forgotten. What was going on for many decades before the post-independence period? That is, before the country was stabilized in economic, political and social terms. So before 1974 and especially before 1981. Thousands of people were leaving Greece. For the same or even different reasons than those who are leaving today. We have a duty to create the new conditions. So that the exodus can be stopped. of human capital abroad. And to return those who believe that they can rebuild their future at home. But of course for an even bigger reason. We have a duty to listen to these young scientists, these young professionals who have made their families. In every corner of the world. Because they can bring new views, new perceptions and new experiences. Good or bad? I'm not a fan. Of imitation without. Criterion. Without critical thinking, without an understanding of where we are, what we can do, but must. To look at this accumulated experience in a positive way to see what is happening in other countries. And particularly in the western world. Which our country is not doing, and as a result it remains a market of lost opportunities, a country which unfortunately does not create the conditions. Improving the daily lives of citizens. And I say this because I believe that every person, and especially young people, have the right to both prosperity and happiness, and a socialist party, a social democratic party, has a duty to do everything it can to ensure that the possibilities of the welfare state, of sustainable economic development, to ensure that this right to happiness and prosperity exists.