I do. This issue of the state. Let's look at it from the perspective of the incredible. tragedy of the shocking tragedy of the Tempi River. It became a tragedy. 57 people lost their lives unjustly. There was a meaningful discussion. About the causes. The shortcomings were the priority of this public debate. Some have gone so far as to look for microcosm of PASOK to create a narrative that everyone is at fault over time. We said from the very first moment to discuss why a contract was not implemented. Η 717. That was EUR 54 million with not half a euro from the pockets of the Greek people. It was all European money, why was it not implemented, was there any discussion, was there any conclusion? It went to justice. And we are learning. After the tragedy that since 2021 in the minister's office there was a conclusion from the independent Transparency Authority saying who was responsible. And while the 55 million euros had been given by the European Union. There was no delivery of the project with 7 extensions under the responsibility of 2 governments. Both Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis. What does the responsible minister answer, I did not know the existence of the report, did the judiciary do something, as in any other state. I am not discussing the political aspect of the involvement of Mr Karamanlis of the New Republic. I am discussing from the side of the state, he would have moved. Already the judiciary against these phenomena of widespread corruption that led to this tragedy. But it is the cronies state, because if we look at the CVs of most of those who are in organizations or key positions involved in the issues, OSE-TRAINOSE are party children of New Democracy. And not people of competence. The issue of the stationmaster became this three-member committee. The committee said it is an illegal transfer. But is it possible for ministers to get out? And disrespect the families of the victims by saying it was a legal transfer, while the commission appointed by the Prime Minister. Says it's illegal. These, as you know, very well and I speak for the participants. From the outside, along with the parastatals of wiretapping in any country the Prime Minister would be a thing of the past and this shows that we have a lot of steps to take to get a country where the separation of powers works in the interest of the citizen. It is a real separation of powers. We live a long way from a country that will fully respect human rights. And will not be looking for opportunity through the. Awesome and well-paid Internet gangs that have organized this state of terror. The New Republic with SYRIZA. To divide to discredit morally and politically the victims of wiretapping. So this is what I ask of you and those of you who stayed and those of you who have new experiences. To run an election campaign that will give a new vision and make the Greek people believe that the impossible is possible, a state and a country without buffet, with respect for human rights, a normal European country that respects all citizens and there is no group of powerful people. Who no matter what happens. They can. Cover up their responsibilities. Cover up their responsibilities. Everyone will be equal before the law before justice. These are such simple things for many European countries. Unfortunately, in Greece in 2023 they are still an issue.