Thank you for this impressive welcome. We have filled Zografou Square, we are sending the message here of a great victory. Next Sunday we will be the winners, friends, for a strong, self-reliant Greece.I am happy, friends, because my last presence in the basin before our big final rally in Thiseio on Friday evening is here in Zografou, in the largest constituency in the country, which will be painted blue on election night. Just as the whole of our country will be blue, friends, next Sunday, so that together we can send the message that this effort that we started four years ago must continue. That this truth agreement that we signed together four years ago must be renewed. And that the road we have set out on for our country is a road that must be a road of no return.

Because you know very well how many difficult things we have had to manage throughout these four years. I did not expect either when you trusted me and I sat in the office for the first time, in the Maximus building, that we would have to manage so many difficult, imported crises. From the pandemic to the migrant invasion, the war in Ukraine to the energy crisis, natural disasters; but, friends, we kept the country standing, society united and our country safe.

At the same time, we did not back down from implementing all our central election commitments.I was just rereading the speech I made in Thiseio before the 2019 elections. Remember a little bit back then what I had committed to. I told you that we would reduce taxes and contributions, and we reduced 50 taxes and contributions.I told you that I would make Greece a centre of investment, that we would bring in foreign investors, that we would create many new jobs, and we brought 300,000 new jobs into the Greek economy.I told you then that I would increase the minimum wage. Because all our fellow citizens, especially the low-paid, must have a share in growth. We took the minimum wage from 650 euros and raised it to 780 euros.I told you that we would correct the major weaknesses, the crime committed against pensioners by the Katrougalos law. And for the first time in 12 years, pensioners have seen increases in their pensions.And my commitment to continue to support all pensioners who are victims of the personal differential remains in full force. We will continue to support you until the personal differential is erased.

I also told you that I would protect the borders of our country, because our country has borders on land, in the air and in the sea, and I would stop our country from being a transit centre. Today, our country is a country that has borders, which it guards, and migration flows have been reduced by 90%.Finally, I told you that we will protect and defend our sovereignty and our sovereign rights. We are investing in our Armed Forces. The flag of Greece is flying high, the opinion of Greece and its voice is being heard, from Brussels to the US Congress.  We are, today, a stronger country, a country that is recognised by all as a factor of geopolitical stability in this uncertain neighbourhood in which we live.

Since I am talking about geopolitical developments, I cannot fail to mention the fact that the next elections will not only concern the economy, wages, incomes, health care. I don't want to make any comment on the Turkish elections, because we will wait for the results in the second round. But you should know that we were the ones who managed an aggressive Turkey, we invested in our armed forces, we built alliances, we were able to make the Greece-Turkey issues European issues. And this policy must continue in the coming day. I hope things with Turkey will get better, I am the first to want that. But in any case the country must be ready for any eventuality. And know one thing: backtracking on issues concerning our national sovereignty and sovereign rights is not going to be done by this government. Not from New Democracy.I was particularly pleased to learn that in Himarra, Freddy Beleris managed to be elected Mayor by a narrow margin. And I hope and hope that this adventure will end quickly, because I want to repeat from here: Albania's road to Europe passes through respect for the rights of the Greek National Minority.

So, friends, six days left until the elections. And I want us to use these few remaining days to talk about the future, not the past. Not to get caught up - and this is also an encouragement to our deserving cadres, we have an excellent slate here in the South Ward, an excellent slate - the encouragement to our cadres is not to get caught up in unnecessary confrontations with our party opponents; they only talk about the past. They present the image of a black Greece, which quite simply exists only in their own imaginary world. They cannot talk about the future, because they have nothing to tell you about the Greece of the future. And they are ashamed to talk about their own past, because everyone remembers the lies they told in 2015 and how they deceived the Greek people.

But we want to talk about the future, because we have a plan for Greece for the next four years, how to improve wages, how to bring the minimum wage to 950 euros and the average wage to 1,500 euros. How we will continue on a path that will attract investment, how we will create more jobs, how we can really catch up with Europe and become Europe everywhere. The New Democracy party, the party of Constantine Karamanlis, is the party that put Greece in Europe. Our party was the party that in 2015, when some people were experimenting and brought the country to the edge of the cliff, our party was the party that kept Greece in Europe.

Our party will be the one that will make Greece Europe everywhere, in all sectors, in the economy, in health, which I know how much you care about. You should know that the next four years will be the four years of the radical overhaul of the National Health System. It is my personal bet that we will invest in our hospitals, that we will fill the gaps, that we will recruit 10,000 nurses and doctors in the next four years.

We will use the important resources of the Recovery Fund for many different actions. And since the Mayor has remembered here-and rightly so-that local government has never had more resources than it has had from this government, and I say that because those resources, lest we forget, were secured by someone and some government. In 2020, in the midst of the pandemic, I went to Brussels, I did not negotiate for 17 hours, I negotiated for five days and I brought back home €31 billion.

And when this square comes back, think that this is European money that someone brought back to the country. And when we rebuild the emergency departments in our hospitals again you will know that this is European money.When our schools within a year, all our schools, all the schools, all the grades from grade 5 on up, will have interactive whiteboards, remember that these are Recovery Fund resources.When our disabled fellow citizens will have a Personal Assistant for the first time, 2,000 disabled fellow citizens, remember these are also European resources that our own government was able to claim, to finally put them to work for the benefit of all.

And of course, lest we forget, this is the government that was able to finally take the sledgehammers out of the universities. Because we are with the libraries, not the sledgehammers. And whenever the police had to intervene here at Zographou's in order to take out evidence that had nothing to do with the universities, we did not hesitate to do so.We will be the ones who will ensure the next day that our universities will be real centres of knowledge, that the children who are working hard today to pass their national exams will not be deceived by those who today say to them "come on, get into universities without even having to take exams". This approach does not honour all the young people who are working hard today to get into the school they want.Our universities, our public universities, will get the infrastructure they need, will open their wings to the world, will finally connect with the world of production, will offer degrees with impact. That is what young children want, and that is what you families want, who have invested in free public education, which our own government has shown that it can support.

So you see, friends, I am not talking about our opponents at all. I am avoiding any personal characterisation, I am only talking about the future, the future is what I want us all to talk about in these last six days between now and the elections. It is extremely critical, because nothing that we have achieved in this four-year period can be taken for granted.The effort must continue and must be intensified. And it can only continue with a strong New Democracy, the big winner on the evening of 21 May.

I know, you'll say, "We have a proportional representation ballot and we don't know how the government will be formed the next day." I will tell you one thing: the stronger New Democracy is on the evening of 21 May, the more confident I will be that the next four years will once again be the four years of New Democracy, of a self-reliant New Democracy, of a self-reliant Greece. That is why, when I talk about the simple dilemma of "forward or backward", that is exactly what I mean.

Will we continue on the path of cutting taxes and raising wages or will we go back to an environment of overtaxing the middle class?Will we continue to support pensioners or will we go back to the Katrougalos law that crushed pensions? Will we continue to guard our borders as we have done for four years or will we go back to the open door, "butte dogs grind" logic?Will we continue to invest in our Armed Forces and honour the alliances we have signed with our strategic partners or will we whistle indifferently in search of third world alliances that have not worked out well for us in the past?All this, then, is now up to you to decide. I have no doubt that we will be the big winners in the elections.

But I want to tell you one more thing. Because I am addressing old fighters of New Democracy, first and foremost, a big thank you to all those who kept this party standing in difficult times and never abandoned us, because we also went through great difficulties.But I also want to say a big thank you to them and to those who joined us for the first time in 2019 in a great current of progressive modernisation and responsible patriotism. I also want to say a big thank you to those who will vote for us for the first time in this election. Precisely because they have seen, they have been convinced and they know that we honour our word, we do not fool the citizens.Whenever mistakes are made, we look you in the eye with courage and we acknowledge them, but we also have a plan and the experience now, so that we can change this country and really move it forward.

So I want to ask you, in closing, with only six days left, not to allow our enthusiasm, our smiles, our optimism, which I see today, to turn into complacency. Let us make this positive energy even more powerful, so that we can go looking, find every last contestable vote, and convince our thinking fellow citizens that we are really worthy; we deserve to continue this work, to ask them to judge us objectively for what we have done in the four years, to compare us with what we did in the previous four years. Because, let's not kid ourselves, the issue here is very simple: do we want a New Democracy government and Prime Minister Mitsotakis or a Syriza government and Prime Minister Tsipras? There is no third option, that is the dilemma.

Don't forget, friends - I keep saying this, but it's true - on election day, when the polling stations open, all the polling stations are empty. They are all empty. At the end of the day, especially here in the South Sector, they must be filled with too many New Democracy ballots and that is your job.I am sure, Mayor and Mr. President here of our Prefecture, that when we meet again here in Zografou - after all, I never forget that I started my political journey 20 years ago from the then united North Athens.If you, gentlemen candidates in the South Sector, think that what you are going through is difficult, let me tell you that I had to run all over the North Athens. But I know I have many old friends here who have supported me personally.A big thank you and let's go together for the big win. Let us celebrate together the victory of New Democracy, the victory of Greece. Be well, thank you very much, good strength, good fight and with victory. Thank you very much.
 