Citizens of Trikala. I would like to thank you for this warm, fierce welcome you have given me. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Your presence here today in Trikala in broad daylight shows that those who have discounted that next Sunday the cartels and the powerful and the interests will be celebrating are wrong. Next Sunday the Greek people will be celebrating, and it is your presence and today's rally. This is the real poll for us. The real poll that shows that the desire of the great majority of the Greek people is that next Sunday a great change will come to our country and to our lives.

I'm going around the country these days. I'm all over Greece and the feeling I'm getting from all the people, whether they were at the polls in our last election, right, left or centre, is that they are asking for a big change in their lives. Some say yes, but the climate is not reminiscent of the climate of other times. The answer is They are already determined to make their anger a political act and decision with their vote. To make their anger a political act and decision with their vote.

Because for 4 years now injustice has become the status quo in our country. For 4 years now, what the Mitsotakis government has managed to do is to widen inequalities, to make the rich and powerful richer, the poor poorer and the middle class poorer. Remember what he promised the Greek people four years ago. He promised better jobs, better wages, better pensions. He promised a staff state. He promised that he would support the middle class and what have we been living with for four years now; what is he leaving behind? Four years later, four years of unified government that took back the country that robbed the country of possibilities from the country that robbed possibilities from society. Middle class that he was supposedly going to support has come to live on food stamps. Coupons at the supermarket, coupons to pay for electricity, coupons to pay for gasoline.

The best jobs became unpaid overtime and the abolition of the eight-hour day. The best wages became income reductions. According to OECD data, Greece was the only European country that in the three years 19-21 had a reduction in nominal average wages and in 2022 had a reduction in real average wages as well. According to Eurostat data, a family with a household living on an income of up to 700 euros had seen a 40% reduction in purchasing power.

 And addressing today the pensioners, the people, the workers, the workers, men and women, who are now living without dignity. And I say to them, where are those promises that you were given that they would keep the 13th pension that Syriza gave you? And then they were saying that they are crumbs where are the promises of retroactive payments after the decision of the Council of State? Seven billion euros less for pensioners from the Mitsotakis government and most importantly for those with pensions up to 700 euros with the reduction in purchasing power. 700 euros in the pocket is not enough for the second, not the third week of the month. What is there to pay for? Electricity bills, rents, what to pay.

So what the Greek people, the vast majority of them, the social majority, are asking for today is breath and dignity. We are not asking for much. We are asking for a life with dignity for Greeks, and that is what we will do. That is what we will do with your vote on 21 May.

But the most shocking thing for the citizens of Trikala is that these four years, at a time when, as I said before, the third week of the month cannot come out and the income is being saved, is the widening of injustice and inequalities. Because at the same time as the average household feels the grip of bankruptcy tightening, fifteen large listed companies have a twenty-year record of profitability with over a billion each. And that didn't happen. It succeeded.

This is the Mitsotakis plan. The bleeding of the middle and the many and the support of the few and the powerful. Because the greatest redistribution of income in the past four years has been through the maintenance of low wages, but mainly through the maintenance of high indirect taxation, while prices have gone uphill. Four and a half billion euros more in the public purse from VAT alone to give subsidies. But these subsidies, as you well know, do not go into the pockets of households. The subsidies go directly to pay the energy companies to keep the price of electricity high. The subsidies go directly to go to pay high petrol prices, to go to pay high supermarket prices.

Mitsotakis' Greece is one country. It has become a country with Bulgarian salaries and British prices. That is the reality. We have the lowest per capita income in Europe, but the highest prices in Europe. The highest price of electricity, the highest price of petrol.

So we are addressing today not only progressive citizens, but all citizens, all Greeks, and we are telling them that there is a way to protect income. Is there a way to deal with the tide of inexactitude? Is there a way to get out of the crisis we are in today, by supporting not only the weak but also the middle class? Because this way has to do with the plan that we have presented to Greek society, to the Greek people. The contract of change, as we said in its 11 articles.

What does this change contract say? I will tell you very briefly in four words so that you can remember it and convey it to the citizens of Trikala. What will a vote for SYRIZA mean? Progressive alliance It will mean wage increases, price reductions, debt regulation and a fair, effective and strong social state next to the citizen.

But in these four years, these four years, the negative prospects of our country have not only been limited to accuracy and the plundering of income. The negative outlook also had to do with the management of all the critical issues that were faced during these four years and especially with the pandemic and the losses of our fellow human beings from this epidemic, the pandemic that we were told of course that it is and was global, but how is it possible for Greece to have this frightening, negative outlook, to be the worst country in terms of deaths in proportion to its population in the entire western world? To give you an example to understand. Greece in proportion to its population is worse even than Bolsonaro's Brazil. Greece had 37,000 loss of life equivalent in population Portugal had 26,000. Why did this happen here?.

This happened here because they left the National Health System discredited. They applauded, they made the frontline people, the doctors and nurses, but for four years they left them unprotected. The public hospitals and you know it all too well. You who have the picture here of what is happening in your own city in Trikala are without doctors and nurses I wonder too. And they are also laying off contract workers. And I am really wondering, since Mr Mitsotakis is asking us to cost the cost of the devaluation of public hospitals with our programmes? Where was his own programme and his own governance? How much is it?.

Who can put a price on the loss of human lives? The cost of the tragic, the tragedy of the Tempe River and the 57 fellow human beings we lost because they left the railway network for four years without any support intervention, How much is it and who is he and who is he and who is he who can cost and value it.

The cost of the loss of the daily life and the life of dreams, of young people who cannot even access universities with the minimum admission basis and the degradation of their studies. What is this cost? Who can put a price on it.

So we say and I say it clearly to you. Our programme has a cost, it is true. It has a cost to the energy companies that will stop seeing billions in excess profits, it has a cost to the funds that will not take people's property to speculate. It is to them that our program costs.

To the common people. But to ordinary citizens it has no cost, it has a benefit and it is the obligation of the State to support public health, the National Health System, public universities and public schools.

So our programme provides for a wage increase, How? With an 880 euro minimum wage and a thawing of the three-year minimum wage with the 13th pension and retroactive payments to pensioners with a 10% increase for civil servants, because they have not seen an increase for 14 years. It holds. It is fiscally sustainable. We are being told the country to give raises. We can afford to give the first appointment of a doctor 2,000 euros first.

We reply here that you atheophobes have had enough of giving 10 billion euros in direct awards and closed tenders to day labourers to take the jobs with companies that were set up three days ago. Here we have endured and endured only EUR 10 billion in subsidies to energy companies in a year and a half. Every time we are to talk about a pro-people measure we are asked where we are going to get the money. Every time they want to give a tax break, a tax break to the rich and big capital, every time they want to give money to the day labourers, every time they want to give a premium to the powerful, there is a way to do it.

Well, we respond to this criticism. We governed the country in the most difficult circumstances and we know what it means to cost. Others are the ones who left the country with a 15% deficit and led it into memoranda and bankruptcy. We governed the country in the most difficult conditions, we regulated the debt. We left 37 billion in the public coffers and I ask I ask I ask if we had the leeway like Mitsotakis, instead of the obligation we had to get the country out of the mire and raise 40 billion. We had the opportunity to spend 60. Would this be the country today? Would these be the public hospitals? Would these be the public schools without teachers? Would these universities be without teachers? Would this be the welfare state? The answer. The Greek people know the answer.

And yet, we ask, not a second chance. We are asking for a first chance to govern on the basis of our programme, on the basis of our will, not on the basis of our must. Because for four years they ruled with the Troika. So now we know and we can. We have learned from our mistakes, but above all we can. Because the country is out of the memoranda. The country does not have the constraints that it had when we are fighting the battle to get it out of bankruptcy. And now we can implement a programme that gives breath and perspective to the many, not profits or sky-high profits and super profits to the powerful, as Mr Mitsotakis is doing.

But I want to address you here today from Trikala. And to the people of toil and production, the agricultural and livestock farming world. Because I know. Perhaps I was the only one who raised this issue the day before yesterday, when we got together for the first time in a long time to debate.

It was not Mr Mitsotakis. The two of us are afraid to do the two of us. He thought he would be protected if we were too many together. He was not protected. At the first tough question stormed the defense. Did he flip flop or did he tell the reality that it was a wiretapping scandal and there was no national reason for surveillance. But I'll get to that later.

I am now talking about the farmers. I referred to farmers and livestock farmers in my closing I said I believe something that is the agony, the great agony of this world today. Because the question and the demand of the claim is no longer a better subsidy, but whether people will be able to stay in the countryside to produce.

Mr Mitsotakis does not care and does not know the problems of the agricultural and livestock farming world. He does not care and he does not know. He is not interested in his relationship, it is only a relationship of communication, because he grew up in the palaces, as a prince, and he has no relationship with the ordinary people, with the people and their problems. So the problem of the farmers and herdsmen today is whether they will be able to have tomorrow to stay on their land. That is the problem. When energy costs have skyrocketed, when Greece is the only country in Europe that has this frightening difference between the price the producer pays in the field and the price the consumer gets on the shelf with a 300% deviation. When they see the electricity bills for their production, for the cost of production has gone up 10 and 15 times. So when they see all this and the middlemen are the ones who are actually running them, they wonder if they will say tomorrow in this place where they live. And I see many many farmers slaughtering their female animals to keep the herds from growing up they can't afford to buy feed. I see a lot of farmers thinking, stop sowing their fields. That's the big dilemma.

And we respond to this world. It is a national necessity for the country's economy to have a primary sector of production. No economy and no country has been able to survive with only a developed tertiary sector of production. So we owe, we owe and we have planned a series of immediate relief measures for farmers and livestock farmers. Mainly they have to do with the introduction of a cap on so-called farm and livestock oil and the farm and livestock, farm and livestock electricity cap and the abolition of the excise duty on fuel for farmers and livestock farmers at the petrol pump. No going after and getting a refund at the gas pump.

We have also designed and we are supporting a productive reconstruction plan to support the primary sector of production, which of course has as its central, if you like, axis the great reform of the energy communities. That is to say, the farmer, the producer, the farmer, the producer and the herdsman to be self-producers and that consumers of electricity, those who produce and that which they consume. Only in this way will the cost of energy for the farmer and breeder radically fall.

But why didn't that happen for four years? Because the Mitsotakis government did not make a single serious investment in the network and gave whatever capacity there was to the big players. Big business was their only concern. So we are committed. Every new renewable energy license will go first to the small ones, to the small cooperative communities, to farmers and ranchers, to the municipalities and communities, to the agricultural cooperatives.

I also want to address with love the young people, the young people who have seen over the years a series of barriers and limits put into their lives, not only in the labour market, in education, everywhere, by the barriers that have to do with the minimum entry base of Mrs Kerameos and Mr Mitsotakis. 20,000 fewer students every year, which is mainly affecting the regional universities, as a number of schools are closing, are about to close.

I want to address the young people and young people who do not have a perspective. They stay in the parental home until they are 35 because they cannot live with the people they love, be couples and live in their own home.

I want to address the young people who see an unbridled labour market, unpaid overtime, the abolition of the eight-hour week for young people who are seriously considering leaving the country to find a decent job.

And the answer I give them is don't waste the great weapon you have in your hands is your vote, your vote next Sunday. Our plan. Our plan calls for priority support for the younger generation.

First of all, for the students who are currently fighting their own battle. Our commitment is that from this examination the minimum entrance requirement is abolished to enable 20,000 more children to enter public universities.

Our plan also foresees a doubling of the rent allowance and a broadening of the social criteria. Our plan also provides for a review and regulation of the GHC so that there are more Housing Bank homes to make cheap affordable social housing available, particularly for young couples, young people and young people.

Our programme is to support public universities by doubling the funds for education, because we do not have a plan to promote private colleges, but public education, as well as public health.

So we say to young people, take your life in your hands, don't waste this opportunity. Next Sunday you have that chance. I also want to finally address those who are thinking next Sunday of somehow punishing the worst government of the last one since the post-war period by voting for anything other than New Democracy, thinking perhaps that the greatest punishment is to vote for something non-systemic. Yes, that's what some small parties call them. Simple proportional representation is our conquest and we believe in it and it is the fairness of the vote. But be careful. Simple proportional representation does not mean that simple logic is lost. The harshest punishing vote to the regime that governs us is the vote that will make it lose. And the defeat of New Democracy can only come with the victory of Syriza. Progressive Alliance. In this election. And I want to assure you here from Trikala by addressing other progressive forces. The victory of SYRIZA next Sunday is the one that will pave the way for the formation of a progressive coalition government the next day. And I want to address all the forces so that everyone can assume their responsibilities. Some people cannot tell us today that New Democracy and Syriza alike heard this from our left.

The New Democracy has abolished the eight-hour working day, it has abolished collective bargaining, it has made workers live in a jungle. It is the same with SYRIZA's programme, which restores the Labour Inspectorate, restores collective bargaining, restores labour legitimacy, and gives the worker a breath of life and perspective.

These logics. What Plastira, what Papagos They have taken the popular movement too far backwards and I want to address our friends from the social-democratic world. Who do you want a social democratic government with? With Mr Mitsotakis, Voridis, Georgiades and Plevris? With them to form a social democratic government? We fully recognise your right to defend the political and intellectual legacy of Andreas Papandreou. But be careful. If there is one thing we should all remember from this spiritual legacy, it is that Andreas never had a front with the progressive forces. His front was the Right. That is why I repeat today, here in Trikala, that our front is one: Mr Mitsotakis and the worst government since the post-war period.

That is why we call on you to drop these untruthful bipartisans and if you really believe what you are saying that those responsible for the state of illegal wiretapping must be held accountable? There is only one way they can be held accountable.

Let's have a progressive government on May 22. Let us have a progressive majority, not the Mitsotakis government again. So the dilemma of the ballot box, the dilemma of the ballot box is one: do we change or do we continue to sink? Intersection. The dilemma of the ballot box is We will continue for another four years. Will those who have abused democracy, those who have magnified inequalities, those who have reduced the middle class to beggary continue their work to further exhaust society and democracy? Or will a great change come to support society, to repair the economy, to restore democratic normalcy? So the dilemma of the ballot box translates into Mitsotakis or change? And I think the answer given by the vast majority of the Greek people is change. It is SYRIZA. It's a proposal to win the elections to form a government of progressive cooperation. Citizens of Trikala. I want to close by asking you a favour. Until the polls. Realize that reality is what you see. Talking to the people, communicating with the people and not what the known parrots of the system will try to artificially convey to you. Reality is what you see and feel in the feeling of people who want their lives to change. Reality is what we see at the meetings we go to. The reality is what we see in talking to citizens. That is the reality. And that's the reality that no one can distort. Wherever I stand and wherever I am, I see larger rallies and greater Syriza rallies. I haven't seen that since '15. And I want to ask you, have any of you talking to people even found someone to tell you? I voted SYRIZA in 19 but now I will not vote for you. Have you found someone to say that? On the contrary, I have found many, many people who have come to me and said that I voted for Mitsotakis in 19, but now I will punish him. So I invite you to believe what your eyes see and your ears hear and not what they are trying to create as a virtual reality or together with leaders of a collapsing power. However, for the result at the ballot box to become a reality, what we feel as reality, we all have an obligation not to be complacent until the ballot box, not to stop meeting at home, at home, in the village here in the region, to send the message of victory. We will be first and by far next Sunday. Next Sunday the people will celebrate, democracy will celebrate and we will bring justice back. We will bring democracy to power again. Rest assured. I want to thank you very much for your presence. I want to thank you warmly for the strength that your presence and optimism gives us and the determination that your presence gives us, and I want us to go strong and strong and strong all the way to the ballot box to change Greece. We can. We know and we can and we will do it for you. Good power! Thank you very much for. It is.
