Our main priority, both historically and today, is the regeneration of the national health system. What does this mean? Increasing the funding of the NHS to the European average and strengthening its infrastructure with 8 to 10% of the resources of the Recovery Fund. Today New Democracy is essentially giving 2%. It reaches 4% because the energy upgrade of buildings is added up. You know it is unthinkable, when the Greek people, after many years of the economic adventure of new inequality, impoverishment, are third in private spending in the entire European Union, having also salaries - we are only surpassed by Bulgaria and Lithuania - Europe is making a fund specifically for the pandemic. And this fund is barely used. For this huge issue that concerns every Greek and especially the most vulnerable Greeks. So what are we saying about this? Repeal of Article 10 of the recent law of the New Democracy, which undermines the public character of the NHS, a strong and unified system of primary health care under public supervision with health centres in every municipality and integrated family medicine services everywhere. New modern hospitals which, as I said earlier, will have meritocratic selected administrations, utilisation of digital capabilities for full-day operation, especially in the interventional and surgical sectors. It is not possible in 2023 that we will not have followed these new scientific methods, which are improving health across Europe, and of course, we have a debt for a new health map. But this new health map will not be in political or politicised terms, it will be an objective new health map with hospital care for densely populated areas, the most important and pharaonic example being East Attica. But also in the rest of Greece based on population, based on the need of the summer which is still growing, the population due to tourism and the ageing of the population, we have to create this new objective health map. Create innovative care units outside hospitals for chronic diseases and day care, strengthen public rehabilitation centres and create new ones and fill all the real gaps in the NHS with permanent recruitment and transparent procedures, increase salaries at least at the level of the average of the European Union to attract highly qualified staff, but also to stop young health workers leaving abroad, which every day creates a huge issue for the future of the national system. Our commitment is to include all health workers in the heavy and unhealthy category. This was discussed, we had tabled an amendment in Parliament, but it was not passed by the government, a radical overhaul of the system for obtaining a specialty and an increase in the salaries of specialists. There must also be incentives for specialties that have been eliminated from the NHS, resulting in hundreds of surgeries being constantly postponed, fully staffed hospitals, health centres on our islands. It is a huge problem, as we have seen with a recent example in Serifos. Financial incentives. Covering housing costs, especially in areas with strong tourism, subsidies for attracting scientific potential to the region, support and increase of mental health structures, a huge deficit in our country compared to the European average and their integration into the primary care system, free medicines for vulnerable groups, low pensioners and the unemployed. No one alone, on the margins. This is a clear message from the democratic party. An increase in the social solidarity allowance, universal care services for children, the elderly, the homeless, single-parent families. Disability mainstreaming in all state policies and, of course, disability benefits should follow increases in the minimum wage.