Friends. The second vital system for every social democrat, for every socialist, is education. These days, the shade war between Syriza and New Democracy has been reopened. University police, Article 16, admission for all without exams. Let us discuss and talk about the essence of the problem of education in Greece. So we are talking very specifically about this new modern model of public education, which has no rivalry with the private sector, but has a duty to support the public sector so that every Greek child has equal opportunities to stand on his or her own two feet. If the young generation does not stand on its own two feet, our country will never stand on its own two feet, and this is the message for the great reform that we owe to public education in our country. Remedial teaching programmes to close learning gaps and address inequalities. Utilisation of digital potential, a computer for every pupil and every teacher and an interactive computer board in every classroom, implementation of European quality indicators and opening up the school to environmental education, art and, of course, health education, where we are also lagging far behind, with the result that there is a huge issue of prevention and a culture of health in the country. Support for all-day kindergarten and primary school with a reformed educational programme, certification of foreign language and computer up to the third grade, upgrading of vocational education and lifelong learning, registration of professions and definition of professional rights. All-round support for special education and its structures, so that we finally have the real school of inclusion, a safe school environment and psychological and social support services to deal with the phenomena of violence that have escalated in our schools. I heard the Minister of Education in an interview, I think it was the other day, complain that we have about 3,000 psychologists and social workers, but she did not say how many schools we have, which is almost 23-24,000. Friends. Safe introduction of the national baccalaureate. It is very critical to the future of education. We are not saying abolish the exams. Students will hear that elsewhere. Because all over the world there are exams too. The question is what exams are there? We aspire that a person's future should not be judged on an exam. That is why we are talking about introducing the national baccalaureate. There will be exams in the last 2 years of study. This is also the case in Germany and France and other countries, but not in a single examination to decide your future. With all that this implies. So what are we talking about? The aim is to give content back to education, to public education, not to make secondary school and high school a parergroup. And, of course, through this new policy, to reduce the burden that every family has to bear from the school fees. So, through the national baccalaureate, we are making secondary school and high school the focus of this process again, so that young people can reach university. Outward-looking universities with links to production, local development, with research funding at the European Union average and innovation and, of course, meritocracy in academic development. We know the chronic pathologies that the Greek university has in the issues of internal meritocracy, upgrading and financial support for teachers at all levels of education and evaluation of educational work and its contributors.