Friends. Another point. Protection of the environment. A modern party cannot be silent about the environment and people when climate change is at a gallop. It is likely that the coming summer will be the hottest summer of our generation. So we must speak ahead of our time, it is not the first time. I remember many years PASOK had a comprehensive policy the environment and you remember very well how the right-wing conservationists dealt with this policy? We were confronted by New Democracy in 2007 on the issue of green growth, just as Trump confronted the Democrats in the United States of America in 2020. We must not forget that. We must not forget that when we spoke ahead of our time, some people were playing Pontius Pilate serving powerful economic interests, but it is not just them. Europe has a well-developed plan to decarbonise fossil fuels. Is that what the left has done in Greece? Did it serve fossil fuel decarbonisation? From lignite maybe, but by putting natural gas as a transitional fuel at such a level that the country was more vulnerable than any other country in the South to the energy crisis and even Mr Tsipras yesterday had the nerve to say the following and the agreements that only he has signed in 2019 for fossil resources in Greece will be in force. In other words, he has also linked us by making us deeply dependent on imported natural gas and he himself is now trying to undermine any attempt to make us independent. Obviously we have our first priority on renewables, but for that to happen it has to be done gradually, not by putting foreign gas as a transitional fuel. But having our own natural gas, otherwise we have to change the whole geostrategic concept of the country for impending turbulence that will make us vulnerable to Turkey and other third countries. So we are talking about a very complex debate which, as I understand it, both our two political opponents are unable to have because their priority is not the just green transition, the democratisation of energy production, the tackling of energy inequalities and energy poverty, but the service of the powerful power producers, as has been proven by the huge subsidy policies with billions from the pockets of the Greek people. That is why our priority is access for all citizens and local authorities to renewable energy production as a priority. This is energy democracy. Only in this way can we wean ourselves off fossil fuels and natural gas. Subsidies for rooftop photovoltaic systems for domestic consumers, with priority for the poorest Greeks, investments in energy distribution and storage networks. Italy used the Recovery Fund to make a plant where it will create battery cogeneration is this, PPPs, private and public sector. You can't do a green transition without having a storage power. We don't even discuss these such serious issues. Fair transition in the western regions. If we look at the economic figures it is really desperate for Western Macedonia and for Megalopolis. Completion, excuse me, implementation of the green European agreement to achieve climate neutrality, completion of forest maps and forest inventory, strengthening of organic agricultural production, upgrading of recycling structures. Recycling at the average recycling cost of the European Union and not recycling, special recycling for Greece, where we pay several times more per tonne than other countries in the European Union. The country, as we are well aware, will be faced with rapid weather events. This is the consequences of climate change.