In conclusion, I can't help but talk about the farmers because, as our well-known spotlight used to say in the past, blood is not water. Support for primary production and its people, measures to reduce the purchase costs of agricultural feed and fuel inputs, zero excise duty on agricultural oil - not for ever, of course - for the months of the energy crisis, that is, while this adventure is going on, support for energy communities, what I said earlier was a priority, farmers, livestock farmers, cooperatives, processors, so that they have stable production costs and central planning of production costs for the next 15 years and, of course, priority for organic farming, which is a priority. It is a big issue to create a resilient system for our water with a big land reclamation plan because I am afraid looking at the map, the drainage map of the country, that like we were talking about energy last year, if we don't do this big plan to support our farmers in relation to water and irrigation, we will be talking about water in the next few years like we were talking about energy costs this year. So that is why for us it is very important for the resilience of production to have a very big such planning throughout Greece. Of course, this also has to do with the culture of the producer that the Ministry of Rural Development has to contribute to and for the times of irrigation and the way for each product individually. These are models that other countries have. We unfortunately, the Ministry of Rural Development does not want and its current structure cannot play such a role. We must support this ministry. I remember, and I say this, an Italian Minister for Rural Development was telling me that Greece cannot fail to move in this direction, that it will be the first country in Europe to face such a big issue together with Cyprus on issues relating to water resources. Now, the introduction of tax-free and unconfiscated subsidies, compensation and aid for farmers and stockbreeders. Updating the ELGA regulation to cover disasters caused by climate change. The Ministry pretends not to know what climate change means in this matter of compensation. Accelerate investments from the new common agricultural policy programmes, abolish the runner-up beneficiary policy through proper resource planning, provide for decent working and housing conditions for foreign farm workers. This is a huge issue that concerns the entire Greek region. This year, the severe shortage of farm workers has caused too many people to see the fruit rotting on the trees. Very important extension issue, increase the Recovery Fund resources allocated to green and digital transformation of agricultural production and restructuring of low-yielding crops. Finally, creation of post high school agricultural schools for modern education of farmers. Incentives to employ young people in the primary sector and reduce their taxes so that they can be competitive and of course with the programme we had started in 2010 there should be free allocation of public land to have a policy of support for young farmers.