Friends and friends. Today we present a section which has 12 important political initiatives. They are the 12 priorities of our programme. These are the priorities we will go forward with. With honesty and before the national elections, but even more so by breaking the established perceptions, we say and do other things just after the national elections, because the dominant feature of our policy is to build a new relationship of trust with the Greek people, especially with the new generation that was shaken both by Mr. Tsipras' Syriza and Mr. Mitsotakis' New Democracy. That is why I am talking about programmatic convergences that we will seek in the formation of a possible government if we have a strong presence in the next Parliament. This government, our participation in a government guarantees these changes to ensure that the driver is the public interest, the interest of the citizens, of many citizens, and not the preservation of the privileges of the domestic elite and vested interests. When it is not reduced to a meaningless and odious sharing of chairs, to its own children and I am talking about the familiar mindsets that settle the various politicians. Immediately after every national election. Personally, with this presence, I am not entering into a game of benefit competition, as we have seen in the last week between Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis. This game is unfortunately inexpensive for them, but very expensive for the Greek people, as has been seen in the years of the economic crisis, when New Democracy handed us a bankrupt economy with huge external deficits. But that was not all that happened before the financial crisis. It is also the unrepentant attitude of these parties after the financial crisis. After the self-realization of the magnitude of the problem. Zapia, the Thessaloniki programmes and the conscious mockery that was dubbed an illusion to wash away the responsibilities of extreme populism. We are therefore building today the alliance, the social alliance for the brave new change with the creative forces of the country, with healthy entrepreneurship, small and medium-sized enterprises, farmers who want to stand on their feet with their heads held high, producers, livestock farmers, away from state-sponsored logic, interconnectedness and corruption, with citizens who want a state that provides stability, security and access to quality goods. For all citizens with those who are currently called upon to negotiate extortionately by the funds, without criteria and without rules. We owe it to all these people to provide redemptive solutions and a second chance, dignity for their lives. With those who need the support of a modern and effective welfare state that leads to empowerment, inclusion and not dependency. From temporary allowances that can or try to replace services that simply never happens, because there is not enough money in the allowance policy to replace services that exist in other European states in strong social models. We call on young people who want to break the hostage of clientelism and crony governments. We owe it to them to guarantee that their fear of living worse than their parents who live worse than their parents will be a bad past. They are our allies, they are the ones we are referring to, they are the ones we want to express, and they are the ones I call on to give us a strong mandate with a change resolution on May 21. These are the people who want to stand by us, who we will always stand by and who we aspire to never let down.