I spent my youth in every demonstration in every picket line against the Thatcher government in the 10 years I lived in Britain, but I'm sitting here in front of you and I look you in the eye and I tell you that Tsipras and Stathakis, at least on the PPC issue, were worse than Thatcher, because how did Thatcher convince the British to accept the energy exchange? He says to them, listen. Obviously there was no problem with the British PPP. They didn't have a troika either. She had to somehow convince them why she would break something that was working fine, the public power company. She tells them this. Are you not telling me, fellow countrymen? To the British, my fellow citizens. How much do we pay for a kilowatt hour? 20 is a number off the top of my head. So 20 is fine, so here's what we're going to do, Thatcher says. We're going to cap it at 20. The price will never go above 20, never ever. We'll legislate a maximum price that we have today. Just to be on the safe side, and I'm going to create a market, an energy exchange, privatise it, break the public energy production and distribution system down to its bare bones, add private companies into it and create a market. Leave it to me if they can get the price down below 20, do you have a problem with that? You'll pay less. Even if they didn't manage 20 was the maximum you don't mind if you go ahead and even did something else under so-called people's capitalism which was a Goebbelsian propaganda thing that Thatcher did, but it worked. Instead of giving the privatised PPP to a predatory fund, as the great Kyriakos did. What did he do? He said, I will give it to the people, I will sell, he says the family silver to the people and he did it, how? They can't, the raiders, the oligarchs, big business, no, they didn't buy the shares of the PPC. He broke the shares into small packages respectively of a thousand euros and said, no one can buy more than 1000 €. People's capitalism. And even because he was particularly perceptive what does he do? He priced the little packet of shares he sold for a grand, so that the next day, when those shares started to be bought and sold on the stock exchange, they were sure to sell for 2000. In other words, he undervalued the shareholder package, so you as an employee knew. As a proletarian, as a middle class as a rich person what you get something that does a thousand to a thousand and the next day you can sell it at 2000. That's what Thatcher did.