Not to mention Hercules who legislated the digital market for securitized red loans? Thatcher didn't dare do that. Macron didn't dare do that. Samaras didn't dare do that. The Syriza government did that. And it comes after. Mitsotakis finds this ready and builds Hercules on top of it and we have a situation. Comrades who are unique. It has never been done before in world capitalism and this is also a message to the KKE. Don't say this is how capitalism is, capitalism must be defeated. All over the world, but Greek capitalism is the most ruthless of all. Think of what Hercules is. In Chania here. Somebody got a property, either a shop or a house in the better times with 150 grand and 50 grand up front. And he took out a loan for 100. The 150 had put the 50 down and took out 100 loans out of the 100 he paid off the 50, so he had put 100 out of pocket. And he had 50 left and then the wages go down, the income goes down, it's a shop, the turnover goes down, the pension goes down and he can't make ends meet. And the loan starts to go red and the loan that was 100, had gone to 50 now it's back up to 100 with the overdrafts and a fund from Ireland comes in from Delaware based in Delaware. Delaware why? Because Delaware is the only state in the United States where you can go now, with some money, so you can set up a company and the American President can't know who you are. A corporation completely anonymous. No one can know who owns it, not even the President of the United States for this Delaware, which is a tiny state, has the most corporations in the world. And of course, bank account of this fund from Ireland, in the Cayman Islands, where they pay no tax at all. So another they call it tax heaven, what a tax haven, tax hell. For the people of the world. So here comes this fund, Intrum what do they call it? You know. Who has red loans? Show of hands. I see in the Day 25 alliance for the rupture, we have managed not to, come to it. It's not shame, shame is those who buy the red loans shame is those who set up the legislated mechanisms of looting those who have red loans shame is those who set up the legislated mechanisms of looting those who have red loans. So this fund comes in and buys gives 3K 3K to get this red loan of 100. 3000, it has given. Mitsotakis is asking you, he's asking us, to cheer because he says we had foreign direct investment. Have you heard foreign direct investment talked about? What does he think they are coming here to invest in jobs? That 3 grand they put in to get you that 100 loan they call foreign direct investment. And what do they do? They put your house under the hammer. Let's say they sell it for 50 what you got 150 you put 100 out of your pocket you get nothing. The guys who sell 50 have put in three grand and make 47,000 on Cayman Island. Legally, it's not illegal to export currency. Do you know that Syriza first and New Republic afterwards have legislated that legally they take it without paying tax and take it out to Cayman Island s do you realize that it is not illegal? The most illegal is legal. They will make 70 billion through this market that way. Because that's a lot of numbers to give you an order of magnitude. In Greece, in our country, this country for the national health system and for education. Public education, universities, schools, kindergartens, secondary schools, high schools and hospitals. We give 11, 11 they will make 70 and go to Cayman Islands. And you know what, if we don't make it, the devil breaks his leg. We have ordered them, not you and me and the Greek state. Mitsotakis A E have given them a 23 billion public guarantee.