Which I beg you very much when someone from SYRIZA comes to tell you that they also have a support program for the main house, because we read it with the support program of the Public Sector for the main house. Do you know what it is? It's a manifesto in favour of predatory funds. The Syriza's supposedly primary home and small business and farmland support program. And I'll be specific, what does it say? It says. The fund will take a haircut and 50%. So the government, if you don't have to pay what the primary residence is asking for, will subsidize you to pay into the fund. Remember the numerical example? The fund comes in with 3K to take your 100 loan, you know it's not going to make 100, it wants to make 50. He wants to put in 3, make 47, and the rest will be mowed down. What is Syriza doing? The same thing. You're going to get the 50 what that is that the fund that SYRIZA wants the fund guarantees it and guarantees that the borrower will be subsidized to pay the rest to the fund so that they don't put the house under the hammer. With what money will he be subsidised? The government doesn't have it we will borrow it from the troika to give to the borrowers to pay the funds. And if they don't get that, we'll give them all 23 billion. Because Syriza is clear, they are not abolishing Hercules, they are not abolishing the 23 billion guarantee, Syriza says. We will come out, he says to the government and we will immediately issue a legislative act. In which we will abolish the auctions or put them on ice for some time for how long? For a month over the summer and then they will start again because that is something you have to tell them as well. You have to open the eyes of the good people who are stuck in Syriza and don't even know what their leadership is telling them. And there are too many good people in SYRIZA who are staying there just to see Mitsotakis fall, but they don't understand that the seed of evil is a memorialist, it doesn't understand colors, it doesn't get down, it doesn't understand posters, it doesn't care if Androulakis, Mitsotakis or Tsipras is in government, we might care because it's unsightly to see Mitsotakis in Maximou. But for the predatory fund and for the borrower, he doesn't care because all these parties of memorandum do exactly the same thing, they may have different aesthetics. If I had to choose with whom I would eat dinner tonight here in Chania with a Syriza or a neo-democrat and of course I would like to eat with the Syriza because we have the same tastes, we have listened to the same music, we have been together for a while and for a while so aesthetically culturally we are closer. So how can we do it? But what difference does it make to the man whose house is being taken away? When Syriza's primary home support programme is a manifesto of support for the predatory fund that takes his house away, it makes no difference to him for her. We in the Day 25 Alliance for Rupture are for these people, we are not for the predatory funds, we are not for the offices. Tell them something else. To unleash them. Whether they are in PASOK, whether they are in New Democracy, whether they are in Syriza. When we say when you say we want, he says, and Androulakis said it. We will introduce a new Katseli law to stop the auctions. Yes, but that means if you don't abolish Hercules that I have to give them the 23 billion because you have given it to them. It's in the law that you won't repeal. You're going to go to the troika to take 23 of it to a state that gives health and education a total of 11 to give to the coffers to take to the Cayman Islanders.