We are here because we succeeded 4 years ago, with the help of many of you. I thank you from the bottom of my soul that you were together then and those of you who were together then and those of you who put the NO vote back in Parliament because that NO vote was not just a no vote, it was the resistance of a small people against a large, relentless army of oligarchs and predators. We bled and sweated the jersey for 4 years in Parliament. A handful of MPs and women MPs. We testified. Solid, technocratic and politically progressive proposed laws, amendment after amendment we did work that normally if you look at the volume, the volume and the quality of the work, you would think that these were 70 MPs. It can't be 5 or 6. We were 5, 6. And the most pleasing thing. After our first consultative conference. We made a mass call. For unity for unity of the left we opened the doors of our party, the arms of all of us. Our souls to people who were unaffected people, wounded people, who like us had been wounded that night of the referendum, some had been idiots, some had gone to the water movements, trade union movements, movements, women's ecological movements, refugee movements. And of course tremendous joy, and I see many, many of you here today that the People's Unity has joined us, that the children of Arras are with us. That we are the Maya for the new great left for the militant disobedient disobedient selfless left, which uses the next election and the election after that to lay the foundations for a left that will not compromise, that will not bow its head, but that will govern will have the claims of a government program, which. Technocratically sound on the one hand and politically radical on the other, it will be able to create a new left proposal that will pay its debt to the International Left, to our comrades in Brazil, Mexico, Germany, Germany, Britain, Ireland, India, Africa. People of the left who were so hurt by our capitulation in 2015, because the only way to be a patriot is to be an internationalist and the only way to be an internationalist is to be a patriot. This election is a dress rehearsal. Do not make the mistake of believing that a government will be formed. Mitsotakis wants to burn them. He wants to roll another dice to get the 40 seat bonus of the rigged enhanced proportional representation. You know enhanced proportional representation is a little bit like enhanced interrogation the CIA when they brought back legally now after the Twin Towers, the torture on their agenda they didn't call it torture, they called it enhanced interrogation when Tsipras signed the fourth memorandum, the troika, they called it enhanced oversight.