It is a message to young people. And to the young people we see. You are doomed like every young generation to fight the same fight, the same good fight over and over and over again at least now we have a faction, the day 25 alliance for the break that will never betray you, we may lose, it won't betray you, but because it won't betray you and we don't care to lose. We would rather lose than compromise. In the end we will win. Venceremos, we move on. And now I'm going to take out the magic card. Because the race is international. It is pan-European. It's a nationwide panhellenic, but it's also local and here in this place in the prefecture of Chania. We have the immense pleasure, in addition to Alexandra and Psarantonis, to have them represent us on the national ballot paper. We have dear dear comrades, fellow travellers. Who have either been with us from the very first moment, or people who have the great, very great pleasure of having our paths converge again after some years of divergence, and this proves it. You know what? That we know how to overcome disagreements of tactics, because strategy and ideology, we've never had to put bitterness aside. And to unite, setting a good example to all those people of the movements and the left who will join us after the elections. Because they will realize: First, that we do not compromise and second, that we mean what we say about people, not about offices. Athena Giannoulaki, Come on up. Alphabetically, right? Yannis Patrelakis. He's coming. It's going to be like socialism is slow. Myrto Paschalidis is sick of the sick and sinful wayfarers, Nikos Zarras, come on Niko. Virginia, Bubblegum. He's in Athens. He's coming. And of course we have Doris Hakim Piperakis. I don't count Piperakis. The Chaniotian, Palestinian. Well, I'll hand them over to you. Patrelaki, what happened? Come on, my boy, the youth. The youth is all interviewed. Hello, John. I have a request. Alexandrakis said Oh, come on, Alexandra, you too. Your symbolic weight is infinite, infinite and we thank you very much for being with us. I have a request from each and every one of you. A request that this race be enjoyed. We have a sacred obligation to have a good time. To do the struggle with a smile, to really find happiness in what we do, because we are not doing it for the offices, we are not doing it for power, we are doing it to take power, to hand it over to you, especially the youth, because we are done. All we can do is a what capital we have to put it in your special, in the service, in the service of the youth. Thank you very much.