That is why we are addressing every Greek citizen, but above all every progressive and democratic citizen, and we ask them, whatever their disagreements and reservations with SYRIZA, to support democracy on Sunday and put a brake on its derailment, on an uncontrolled regime, by supporting the only force that can put a brake on it: the SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance. Because every progressive vote, every democratic vote that this Sunday in the ballot box of the enhanced proportional representation will move away from the ballot box of SYRIZA, will not be a wasted vote. It will be a winning vote for Mr Mitsotakis and New Democracy. This is the truth. So we call on Sunday on democratic and progressive citizens to support a plan for justice, against the plan of reduced wages, rights, and expectations. To support the upgrading of public education and the dignity of its officials, and to stand up against the plan for supermarket universities. Oppose the attempt to revise the Constitution, with the aim of making not only health but also education, electricity, energy, and water into areas of speculation, with the aim of revising Article 16. Because this is what both New Democracy and PASOK, led by Mr Androulakis, are calling for. It must, therefore, stand up to these aspirations. It should stand up for the dignity and security of work. To support the prospect of a just society. To support the plan for a fair and effective state, against the state of selfishness, favors, and corruption. To support with its vote SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance. We call on every democratic and progressive citizen to do so, so that the New Democracy of Mr Mitsotakis does not receive a blank check. So on Sunday, we are fighting together to reverse the correlation. A strong Syriza means a strong society, it means a stable and healthy democracy. But we also call on every citizen who, tired of two elections, is thinking of not going to the polls. And we call on them not to remove their vote from the account of democracy. Because the vote that is removed from the ballot box of the Republic is automatically added to the ballot box of the New Republic. Every vote lost for SYRIZA is a vote won for New Democracy and Mr Mitsotakis.