Citizens of Athens, comrades, friends, we are all here once again, present and accounted for in the democratic call to struggle. We are here to defend principles and values, to fight against subversion, and to ensure that the hope of justice, equality, and solidarity in this land is not extinguished. We are here to fight this battle. As the saying goes, it is allowed to fall, but it is imperative to get back up. And we are already on our feet. We are already standing, and we will continue to stand to defend our values, principles, and ideals. This fight is more valuable, more crucial, and more useful than any other fight. We are all present, and even more so, because we have learned to fight when times are tough. We have learned to go against the current and to overturn correlations for the benefit of the forces of the social majority.

That is what we are doing in this crucial battle, and we will do it with more conviction this time until the polls close on Sunday. We will not let a second go to waste without fighting to get the dilemma and the message across to society - our message and the dilemma of the ballot box. Because on Sunday, the elections will not only decide the winner and the loser, but they will also decide who will govern the country for the next four years and with which programme. They will also decide how social and political resistances will be organized in the next four years and, in short, they will decide the quality of our democracy, the conditions of our lives, and the future of all of us. They will decide what kind of Greece we and our children want to live in. The dilemmas at the ballot box are very tough because this time we are voting again under the enhanced proportional representation system. There are only two alternative plans for power and governance that are being pitted against each other on Sunday - two different plans, two different concepts, two different visions for Greece. Our vision is that of a country and a society of democracy and justice.

A country and a society with fewer inequalities. A country and an economy where the produced wealth is increased and shared fairly and equitably among citizens.

A country where its citizens will not die in the back of a pickup truck because there will be no ambulance. A country of humanity that will take care of all its people, regardless of their economic means.

A country where every citizen will have equal opportunities with the rest. A country and society with strong institutions, anchored democracy, and a strong welfare state.

With workers who will be paid better for their work, in conditions of security and dignity.

Small and medium-sized entrepreneurs should not be taxed to enrich the oligarchy, but should share the burden equally and proportionally.

A young couple will be able to have children whenever they want, because they will have support from the state to live in an affordable home, work for decent wages, and send their children to public daycare.

Where a young farmer can stay in the countryside, with the tools and support to earn a decent income.

A person with a disability can live, work, play, and have fun like any other person.

A country where the horizons of each and every person are not determined at birth, whether they are born rich or poor, in the center or in the periphery. But the horizons will be open to all and will be shaped according to the needs and efforts of each and every individual. This is our vision for our country. For a Greece with a just society and prosperity for all. And we can put this vision into practice with a realistic and radical program that puts people, work, and social protection at the center. This is our vision and our program.

On the other hand, we have a plan - the plan of our political opponents - which prioritizes profits and celebrates the market. It wants the role of the state to be increasingly reduced, counting profits and losses more than human lives. It is a plan and program that wants growth to come through tax breaks for the powerful and a permanent reduction in labor costs - from the withdrawal of the state from critical areas of social and economic life to make room for speculative funds. They believe that when the powerful and the funds increase their profits, growth will supposedly come. However, this growth has never come anywhere where these neoliberal ideas have been applied. It is cheap, non-inclusive growth that respects neither the environment nor workers, nor natural nor human resources. This unsustainable growth is doomed to decline and reproduce crises, social tensions, and a terrifying widening of inequalities.

Our political opponents are trying to hide these aspects of their plan and program from the electoral debate. They announce commitments that they will not implement while hiding others that they aim to implement. The real government program of New Democracy is the one that Mitsotakis submitted to Brussels as the Stability Program just two months ago. Therefore, this program, the true program of our opponents, does not include any of his election promises. Mr. Mitsotakis's election announcements are a fraud, a sham.

On the contrary, however, in their actual program submitted to Brussels, they foresee reductions in public spending on hospitals, schools, and civil servant salaries.

There is no real increase in the average wage despite the lies about a 25% increase. There are no new recruitments in the NHS and the public sector, only replacements for those who will retire.

In short, citizens of Athens and friends, the real program of New Democracy foresees a reduction in the purchasing power of public sector employees and stagnation in the purchasing power of private sector employees.

It foresees a further shrinkage of the welfare state and, in particular, a shrinkage of the NHS. That is why their MP, Mr Pneumatikos, has unwittingly revealed that the NHS will even be screening patients. Because the NHS will no longer have the expenditure or staff to meet the needs of citizens, and expensive treatments will be administered on the basis of patients' life expectancy. Anyone who does not have a life expectancy will not get an expensive treatment. He will go, if he can afford it, to private hospitals. And if he doesn't have money, he won't get treatment. But this cynical ideology, which measures everything in terms of cost and damage, especially when it comes to human lives, is leading us to a society of barbarism. And this is our fundamental difference with the New Democracy of Mr Mitsotakis. That is our fundamental difference. As the motto of our young people, the young people of Syriza, says, 'they talk about costs and damage, we talk about human lives?' That is our difference.

We citizens of Athens, my friends, have chosen sides in the dilemma of "humanity or barbarism". We are on the side of humanity and will remain so, no matter what. We stand with humanity, not with barbarism, because human life is valuable to us. We do not consider color, religion, ethnicity, or economic ability when defending human life, as we are all different but equal in this world. Therefore, we do not and will never account for political costs when defending our values of human life.

This is what we did last week during the tragic shipwreck in Pylos, the deadliest shipwreck in the history of our country. Wherever we were told, we remembered what we were told: "Don't speak, don't ask, don't breathe!" Why? Because they were not rich, they were oppressed. Because they were not Greeks, they were not even tourists, they were refugees. That's what they told us last week: "Don't talk, don't ask, don't breathe." And we answered them: We have an obligation towards our values and our culture to both speak and ask questions because we serve these values. We served them when we made this country synonymous with humanity when it faced the biggest refugee crisis Europe has faced since World War II. We are proud of that. We are proud to be here to defend values. We made this country synonymous with humanity, and we will not allow some people today to make it synonymous with barbarism. Greece will remain synonymous with humanity.

Citizens of Athens, friends, our differences with our political opponents - because for us there is only one political opponent, we are the backbone, the pillar of the progressive party of the country - and our opponent will always be the Right, the New Democracy of Mr Mitsotakis. Our differences with our political opponents are above all value-based, but they are also reflected in every aspect of social and economic life: in labor relations, the eight-hour working day, labor rights, health, education, energy, water, and primary housing. We want health, education, electricity, and water as public goods. They want - they said it, they did not hide it, they said it in their conceit and arrogance - 180 MPs to change the Constitution. Why do they not tell us exactly what they want to change in this Constitution? Do they want to establish health, education, electricity, and water as areas of speculation? We will be here, stronger than ever, to stop them!

We friends consider the protection of labor a necessary condition not only for justice but also for inclusive growth, growth that benefits everyone, not just the few and the powerful. They see labor as a cost that must be further reduced.

We have set a national goal for the next four years: for our country to stop deviating from the average of the European Union countries in terms of per capita income.

Because, yes, we stayed in Europe and we are the ones who defied the political cost and did our duty to society and our country. We have unburdened this country by washing the dirty laundry of the entire post-independence period. Sins that belonged to others were washed away by us! We took the country out of the memoranda, we regulated the public debt! We left 40 billion in the public coffers! Yes, we fought the battle with the Troika and the lenders, but we exploited every crack in the negotiation for the benefit of the public interest. We put 2.5 million uninsured people on the NHS. We raised the minimum wage! We reinstated the minimum wage. We brought back collective bargaining. We are proud of what we have achieved in the face of incredible difficulties. Yes, we stayed in Europe. But now it is time to become Europe. It is not enough that we have stayed, we have to become.

We should be concerned because the country's per capita income has fallen by 18 percentage points since the crisis began. This situation is not only reflected in the numbers but also in people's lives, especially young people who face daily difficulties in making ends meet due to poverty, high rents, and worsening working conditions. Our divergence from the European average is evident as one in four citizens is currently at risk of poverty.

It is reflected in crime, the dismal picture, and the collapse of the NHS today, which was left without any support during the pandemic. Our country has the worst rates of loss of life in proportion to our population in the whole of Europe. We are competing with countries of the former Eastern Bloc, Bulgaria, and Romania, both in terms of per capita income and loss of human lives due to the pandemic.

Well, if we want to become Europe, it's not enough to stay where we are. We need to reverse Greece's divergence from the core of European countries. This requires a new national plan to support social infrastructure and strong strategic public and private investment strategies. The programme of SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance is precisely this plan. It has at its core the utilization of human potential, modernity, and social justice. It advocates a new model of economic development that respects the environment and the natural resources of our country, makes room for innovation and knowledge, and promotes the fair distribution of resources while reducing inequalities. It supports the needs of society, wage labor, small and medium-sized enterprises, farmers, stockbreeders, and young people, while closing the door to the logic of state-led entrepreneurship.

Of the first 600 million euros of loans from the Recovery Fund, not a single euro was given to small and medium-sized enterprises for healthy entrepreneurship. It all went to ten strong, big businesses that have access to lending, so they can borrow at a cheaper rate. This is not the future of sustainable and fair development in the country. Instead, it is closing the door on the logic that investment is about taking over operating businesses and also privatization. These are not strategic investments that leave a productive footprint.

We have a program that calls for a different productive model, one that is fair, inclusive, and sustainable. The program advocates for addressing poverty by strengthening incomes, including an immediate increase of the minimum wage to 880 euros and the introduction of annual indexation. Additionally, civil servants who have not seen an increase in 14 years should receive a 10% salary increase.

The return of the 13th pension, the payment of retroactive pension to pensioners, and the reason why Justice decided to grant a 7.5% increase to all pensioners, including those with personal differences.

A program that advocates for the reduction of indirect taxes, including VAT on foodstuffs and excise duty on fuel.

They are not going to drive us crazy here in Greece by lying to us like Trump in America and making the lie seem true that indirect taxes favor the poor. If we reduce them, we will favor the rich. We need a program that dares to get its hands on the super-profits of the energy and refinery giants who have made the crisis an opportunity for enrichment and have accumulated over 6 billion in super-profits in the last year.

A program that, in addition to the reconstruction of the NHS, which is our central priority, strengthens public education with quality public schools and universities, emphasizes research to give young people the prospect of staying in the country, and puts forward a strong social protection grid for children, mothers, young couples, the elderly, and the disabled.

Finally, it advocates protecting primary residences, commercial housing, and agricultural land, as well as addressing the housing crisis, in order to prevent the largest redistribution of property in our country since World War II in favor of a few and foreign interests. This is what Mr. Mitsotakis is planning with funds and auctions.

Finally, it proposes a strong, modern, and effective state with meritocracy and accountability, which will not be a party or family spoils but will be a tool for development and service to citizens. Not the state that collapsed in Tempe three months ago and put ministers on the TV channels telling obscene lies. No, we will not forget this crime! The 57 souls are asking for justice. And we will fight. This is our promise to the parents of the unfortunate children, but also to the young men and women of our country who must never again experience such a tragedy. We will fight for justice and a state that stands by the citizen. Not an enemy of the citizen. Not a state dangerous to the citizen.

So, citizens of Athens, my friends, we contrast this programme with the programme and plan of New Democracy, which, I repeat, is the one that was submitted in Brussels, supplemented by Mr. Pneimatikos' plan for the NHS.

We have insisted very much, as you will have seen, in this election, that there should be a confrontation of programs, a confrontation of strategies, concepts, ideas, and visions, so that citizens can compare, judge soberly, and with knowledge of the objective differences between the different alternative plans. On the contrary, our political opponent, New Democracy, has once again designed and implemented a toxic strategy, investing in fake news, constantly diverting public debate from the real issues at stake, and not even hesitating to throw sensitive national issues, such as Thrace and the minority, into the electoral arena. Armed with their audacity, lies, and the NIS, which they turned into a tool for serving party and personal interests, they did not even hesitate to take the country back, way back, to the years and the paths of the Schism. "National exception," they said, is SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance. Its MPs and voters are "bequeathers." Half of them are "nationalists," and the other half of Greeks are "of reduced national consciousness." They evoked memories of the darkest years of the Schism. As if this is not New Democracy, but the ERE of the 1950s. As if we were in the period of the National Schism.

But they have learned the lesson they deserved, a lesson of national responsibility, patriotism, and democratic sensitivity from SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance. Mr. Mitsotakis wanted to vilify us and our minority MPs, and he finally vilified his own minority candidate. He made him a scapegoat, as is his wont. And it went downhill to the point of sending Mrs. Bakoyianni to Thrace, not to unite but to divide. Not to reassure but to threaten. And to come out in front of the cameras with the audacity to threaten and terrorize poor and frightened people: "If you don't vote the right way this time, you're going to have four hard years." That was her message. And that message was not a message for the minority. It was and is a message that they wanted to go to every citizen, every home, every social group, every citizen who would think of standing up to their party and family power.

So today, we are sending a message to everyone from Syntagma Square: We do not play with the homeland! Greece is not expendable for us, nor do we put it up for sale for a few thousand votes. As always, we put patriotic responsibility above party and personal interests. We will protect and defend democracy to the end. We will stand here, strong and resolute, to support every social group and citizen threatened by the regime mentality of an unaccountable power. Today it is the minority, tomorrow it will be the workers, wage earners, nurses, teachers, delinquents, cultural workers, and young people. We will stand up against the practices of terror and intimidation of every social category. We will stand by every citizen and every social group that is threatened and wants to resist the plans to flatten it. If they threaten you that you will have four difficult years, we are here to guarantee that we will be by your side so that these four years will be four years of struggle and dignity for your rights!

Dear friends, comrades, and citizens of Athens, Sunday's election is not a continuation of the previous one; it is a new contest. The dilemmas this time are tough, but we are not the ones making them. The electoral system of enhanced proportional representation, which gives 50 bonus seats to the first party, sets the dilemmas. The Greek people will have to choose between two programs and two alternative strategies on Sunday. Our strategy is one of strong democracy, pluralism, civil society, participation, accountability, meritocracy, inclusion, and dialogue. That is our strategy.

The strategy of New Democracy is the opposite. Its program copies the plans of neoliberalism, and its strategy copies the plans of Machiavelli. Their strategy and plan are not only to win the elections but, above all, to weaken their only real opponent because they fear only one: SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance.

Because we have proven for more than ten years now that we are the only political force that, with its program and its vigor, can confront the neoliberal project, the conservative policies, and the policies of New Democracy and oppose them. That is why we remain the only force that can confront and prevent them from setting up an uncontrolled regime, as they seek to do on Monday.

The goal of Mr Mitsotakis and New Democracy, after the simple proportional representation ballot - which led to an obvious fragmentation of the progressive parties' forces - is to maintain this fragmentation the next day, in order to have a fragmented and powerless opposition. With many small parties in parliament, this does not stop them. Their plan is to discredit it. They say so openly and show it many times by favoring certain parties that help this design. But why do they do this? Because a degraded parliament with an ineffective opposition is the best condition not for a government that wants to govern democratically, but for a regime. The logic of divide and rule. This is the logic and strategy of New Democracy.

Today, from Constitution Square, the square of popular struggles and democracy, I would like to address the democratic people of the country, every progressive and democratic citizen, whatever they voted in the May elections, at this ballot box, to support democracy. Support the stability and health of democracy and our political system, and put a brake on the creation of an uncontrolled regime. I call on every democratic, progressive citizen to support a project of justice against the project of reduced wages, reduced rights, reduced expectations. Support the upgrading of public education and its officials, and stand up against the plan for supermarket universities and an education that depends on everyone's wallet, against the plan to revise Article 16, so that education, too, becomes a place of speculation for big interests.

They started with the minimum input base. They want to complete it at a time when departments and schools in the districts are closing. They dream of 180 MPs to revise Article 16. And if they don't have enough, he says they will have the complicity of PASOK's Androulakis as their advocate. He was quick to advance his cooperation in the revision of Article 16. We call on every democratic citizen to support the upgrading of public education.

To uphold the dignity and security of work, against the plan that consigns Greeks to cheap labor in a Greece that is turning its children away. To support the prospect of a just society, against the plan and the prospect of a society of exclusion, inequality, discrimination, and bribery.

To support the project for a fair and efficient state, against one of selfishness, favoritism, inefficiency, corruption, and injustice. Because we do not forget the 15 billion in direct awards and closed tenders in the previous period. And we are very worried about how and who will manage the 30 billion of the Recovery Fund coming in the next four years.

And let's not forget that it was not only a state of bribery, inefficiency, and corruption. It was also a "Big Brother" parastate that will be set up even more rampantly and uncontrollably if the correlations of the simple proportional representation ballot are repeated this coming Sunday.

For these reasons, we call on every democratic and progressive citizen to support the SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance, despite their disagreements and reservations, at the ballot box on Sunday. Because only the SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance can oppose the plan and programme of New Democracy with its own plan and programme. The reversal of the May election results on Sunday, with the decisive support of SYRIZA, citizens of Athens and friends, is not a matter of party expediency. It is a question of social stability and democratic normality.

So we call from here, from the square of our people's struggles, the square where the struggles for the Constitution, freedom, and democracy were fought. We call on every progressive and democratic citizen to reflect on what the design of the New Democracy and Mr. Mitsotakis is, and which choices objectively help this design. Which choices at the ballot box objectively help this planning? And which choice is preventing this planning? The only option that prevents it is the decisive strengthening of SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance, so that Mr. Mitsotakis does not have a blank check on Monday. We call on every citizen, despite the fatigue of two elections, to go to the polls, not to take their vote out of the account of democracy. Because the vote that is removed from the ballot box of the Republic is automatically added to the ballot box of the New Democracy. And despite whatever differences and reservations they may have with us, we call on them to stand firmly behind democracy, their tomorrow, their lives. So let us also convince those who did not vote in May to vote in June. Not only those who voted, not to think about abstaining, but to convince even those who did not vote to come to the polls now.

Because the correlation that will emerge on Sunday is crucial for all of our lives, and because I deeply believe it and have said it from the first moment we stood up to fight this battle: no contest is decided until the people decide it with their vote, and no fight is lost. Only those struggles that are not fought are lost. So I call on you to fight this fight until the last minute, with the aim of overturning the correlations and achieving a winning result. Nothing is decided until the last ballot box is closed on Sunday. That is why I call on you to be present at the ballot box and at the polling stations, in all polling stations, with electoral representatives, to be everywhere, to be there, to be more stubborn, stronger, and more determined than in previous elections. I call on all of you, with optimism and determination, to go together to fight this fight until the last ballot box is closed on Sunday. And from Monday, let us be together again. We will move forward together, in struggles alongside society and on behalf of the social majority. On behalf of all those we have represented for so many years in the Greek political arena. On behalf of the underprivileged, the unemployed, the young, and the working people. On behalf of the social majority.

Because, citizens of Athens, you know well that the SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance did not happen by accident, nor by chance, nor by accident from 2012 onwards. The people's party, the great party of the Left, the pillar of the progressive party, the refuge and support of the underprivileged, the voice of those who have no voice in this place, was not made by accident! The SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance was, is, and will be a mature child of necessity, the spokesman of the hope of the popular strata, the main pillar of the progressive party in our country. Not a party of protest, nor a complement and willing partner in the plans of the Right, as PASOK has been since 2012, but a party of governance, a party that wants to bring the people to governance and power. And we will bring the people and the Progressive Party back into the governance of the country, to put our visions, our aspirations, our values into practice. We are and will be here, together, to defend every social group that is in the crosshairs of right-wing policies that breed barbarism, to give breath to democracy and space to resistance, alongside every citizen seeking justice, standing with the weapons of democracy, speech, and vote, with the rightness of our positions, ideas, and values. With these weapons, I invite you to fight the difficult battle on Sunday, and until the ballot box, in every neighborhood, in every workplace, in every home, person by person, to reclaim every vote. With calculation and with a dream, we will fight this fight, the fight of our ideas, the fight of our values, the struggle of dignity, for a just society, for prosperity for all and for all. So let's go all the way to victory! Let's go forward for social justice, for prosperity for all! Let's go forward, and we will win! Goodbye, good strength, good fight!

The fact that we have filled this square today is more important than any other time we have filled it. Today is one of the most important moments, and it will be one of the most important moments on Monday because we will have a good, victorious result. We will be stronger, more determined, and more stubborn. We will never become an adjunct to the plans of our political opponents. Here, we will be an obstacle to their plans of flattening, and we will stand by every citizen and every social group in need. SYRIZA is the mature child of social need. So let's go together until victory. Goodbye!