I would like to thank you all for being here today. I have to admit that Crete really embraced the Greek solution. I must also say that there are a number of issues that have plagued and plagued our Crete for decades. But overall I would like to say that the offer of the Greek solution to Crete will be the promotion of Crete in our election message. It is a surprise that we are saving for our Cretan friends that will highlight the historical cultural heritage of this region that is the matrix of Greek civilization. The least the state can do is the Greek solution. So you will see our advertising, our TV spot, one of the many we will prepare, will be based on this very fact. It will be a surprise for the Cretans and it will be a surprise for all Greeks of course. A clever TV message and promotion of Crete all over the world. We are starting this way because it has been proven that the Greeks, especially the state, are below par.

The latest proof is from netflix, where Cleopatra is presented as an African empress and Egypt officially asked netflix for an explanation saying that her presence is Hellenistic and Greek and only Egypt complained. Cleopatra, for those who know, is Ptolemy from Macedonia and apparently the Skopjeans will also protest and Greece is absent and silent. So we expect the Egyptians to save the honour and reputation of Greek history. I say this, not because of colour. But mainly for the origin. When you say that the civilization, the Hellenistic civilization, has an African origin, you have a matter of historical seriousness.

So while we are sitting and discussing all these small things that are very big for our historical tradition, a municipality in Skopje decided to use the sun of Macedonia as a symbol of the municipality. While this symbol became a reason for the Supreme Court to throw a party out of the elections. I find all that is happening unthinkable, tragic. You cannot throw parties out of parliament because they have a symbol without being able to correct it. Of course, a national symbol, a Greek symbol. It's not a symbol which, nor a trademark could be used by a company. And to prove the point, there is an attempt to undermine the cultural and heritage tradition.

If Cretans knew how important it is to be Cretan, Crete would be different. You delivered civilization with linear A and linear b, you gave the lights to Greek civilization. This is where the civilization of Greece began. As the donors of Greek civilization, the parties and the state must honor Crete. This is what we will do in our advertising message, our campaign spot. That is, to use this opportunity to communicate the message of Crete throughout Greece and the world.

But I would like to go a little bit into the economics. I'm going to show you a map, I don't know if the TVs can pick it up. It's the geometric progression of debt and GDP. So if you look here we're talking about 2004 to 2023. It's this chart that shows the increase in debt to about 400 billion euros. So what has the new democracy achieved? To increase the debt by 400 billion euros. To have 50% red loans of the loans that exist in the market and, above all, to put Greeks at risk of losing their homes. It is a wonder that PASOK, New Democracy and SYRIZA have legislated precisely in the interests of the funds and people who act as crows and do not protect the property of the Greeks. I know that Crete does not have such a big problem with borrowers, but the rest of Greece is groaning under the boot of the loans. We have proposed something specific, the cancellation of debts, across-the-board, including the EFKA, the tax office and the tax office and the loans, but no one listens to us. The huge success for the new democracy is that Greece is now the third worst in the European Union in terms of GDP per capita, in terms of our purchasing power, in terms of units of strength. To be third worst in terms of the poverty rate. In other words, Greece is third from the bottom of all the countries of the European Union in terms of poverty.

We also have the highest youth unemployment and if you include the 700,000 young people who have gone abroad, then things become even more dramatic.

We are third worst in the European Union in terms of the percentage of people unable to take a week's holiday.

We are second in the European Union in the ratio, if you like, of police officers to residents with a crime and delinquency problem. That is a complete failure in terms of the security of the new democracy.

Last place for freedom of the press. Here, of course, the new democracy has achieved the impossible. Greece, the country that gave birth to democracy, has no freedom of press and speech. It controls all the media anyway. Especially in the big national media, which go along with government policy and even sometimes provocatively anger the opposing parties, I am referring to all parties, with the presence of the ERC and the absence of pluralism and pluralism, which ERC takes a strange attitude in favour of the new democracy. I understand that Mr Koutroumanos was Mr Mitsotakis's suggestion to the ERC, but he should at least observe ethics.

Unfortunately, this shows that we are going down dangerous paths of regime choices, and I said before that you cannot ban parties for using a symbol that is Greek, not of another country or a word or two words and then ban them from running for elections. It is a disgrace what is happening. Just as it is shameful for a party to denounce other parties and it comes to the point where party leaders or party officials kill each other for a position. I stop here because things are much more difficult for the elections because listen. A million or so Greek expatriates had the opportunity, because they exist, to vote if the state helped them. Of these, only twenty-five thousand will vote, expatriates, and they will go to vote because they are on some lists. The strange thing is that Argentinean Greeks vote in Houston, USA. So they will be forced to leave Argentina and go to vote thousands of miles away, go to Houston. The North-Epetians can vote in Sofia. The Greeks of Perth vote in Melbourne three and a half thousand kilometres away. This is not a vote for the expatriates, who must vote, they must participate, they must intervene, because the expatriates are very important to Greece. In order to have extroversion, New Democracy did everything possible to create problems for our expatriates. I say this because Cretans also have expatriates all over the world, mainly in America, as far as I know, and unfortunately this state does not help Greek expatriates to vote. Let me put it differently, the government is doing everything possible to prevent them from voting. Perhaps because it is afraid of the love for the Greek national issues, history and culture that expats have for Greece and wants to prevent them from going to the polls.

I have a statement which has just slipped through the fingers of Mr Roubini, who said something shocking. He talked about an artificial crisis with Greece after the elections. This is what the Greek solution has been saying for many, many years that we will enter into a dialogue with Turkey whether it is good or bad. The PASOK and New Democracy and SYRIZA parties do not mention national issues at all. It is a strange peculiar regime, this history of political parties not mentioning national issues. It is unacceptable that 6 nautical miles east of Crete should be considered a disputed area, following the memorandum of understanding signed by Greece on the Greek-Egyptian EEZ. Why am I saying this? The agreement anyway. Because we have a reduced influence. When you have a reduced influence, that is to say, when you have a reduced EEZ, you are bound to lose national sovereignty. That is what the new democracy has done.

The other parties are not speaking and that worries me. I am very concerned. And we're getting to a point, Mr. Dendias apologizing for predator yesterday and pointing to Maximou. The predator which was used in Sudan and they have a civil war today. These show something. And here I also blame Mr. Androulakis, who strangely enough, he brought down the issue of eavesdropping too much. He does not mention it himself. Now and then he says it. Maybe because he has a difficulty himself that, I know, because he said something, he was overheard saying something on his phone and he can't talk? I don't know, but that's no way to go into an election. That's not how Greece can go to an election. You can't go to elections with threats, gagging parties, gagging people who want to talk. For example, the Greek solution does not have the same treatment as the other parties, they are constantly silencing us, they are not letting us speak. They shut down my broadcasts and my work, they don't let me work. This means that the new democracy is in a panic. Panic, not because it wants to rule. No. But simply because the Prime Minister has a problem with his own chair. He's interested in the chair. That's why you see that there's this constant aggression from Maximos' side to everyone else who opposes him. And of course, the Greek solution is opposition with arguments and you will never forget that because we were really the only opposition.

I'm left with the Prime Minister's statement, of course, who from Xanthi said something incredible that if Greece were truly a democracy, the Prime Minister should be under arrest today. He said: we are ready to examine our basic dispute, which is none other than the delimitation of the maritime zones in the Aegean and the Eastern Mediterranean, always in accordance with international law. But we are always unwilling to tolerate any challenge to our sovereign rights. In other words, we accept discussion of national sovereignty, which is our territorial waters, which are included in the maritime zones, but not any questioning of sovereign rights. This is a blunt admission by the Prime Minister that he himself is challenging Greece's borders. Indeed, if there were a constitutional court, if there were justice, the Prime Minister today is under indictment for what he said. He is opening backdoors. And of course the prime minister himself, and the other parties who are silent. no one is talking. This is very strange and we have to look at it very carefully.

I just wanted to say and I will say because I am in favour of the primary sector, strongly. I went to the Heraklion farmers' market. We don't go, we don't have breakfasts and gatherings like other people do at their own branch farmers. Clappers, I tell you, I hate them because they've got seconded, they've got appointed. Thousands of people live and work in Greece and they applaud every leader of a party in power. But we went to the farmers' market and I saw that in the market in Crete there were Egyptian potatoes. At the same time in the prefecture of Serres in the warehouses there are huge quantities of potatoes from Serres and from Drama. Uncontrolled imports from Egypt and Turkey are filling the Greek markets with imported products. We have said it a thousand times. the local economy must be supported. the Cretan hotels that have Cretan products in them must not have Egyptian ones. Our popular market has no Greek products inside to move the economy we can't go anywhere like this. Our proposal is of course the specific. in the hotels of Crete, those hotels that put Greek products in, local, Cretan will have lower taxation. Zero. So you win, what? You start producing agricultural products, even honey and fish, which the tourists eat and you create goodwill for next year.

Unfortunately, the people who govern Greece don't know the obvious, they don't know what the economy means and they themselves, in any case, new democracy, PASOK and SYRIZA are responsible for the bankruptcy of the Greeks. They are responsible for the misery of the Greeks. They are responsible for all the suffering that the three-party government has brought to the country and I am sure despite whatever petty differences they have and have between them that they will rule you. You can see that SYRIZA, New Democracy and PASOK do not disagree on the major issues. They disagree on the small things. They take small approaches to the big issues, they avoid talking about them and only talk about the small ones. The insignificant ones in our view. Because it is insignificant an issue of university police, to the importance of the poverty of Greeks, the lack of wages to regulators and the lack of good living of the Greek.
