And of course, keep what I will keep talking about until the elections: my commitment to make our second four-year term a four-year term of regeneration of the National Health System. Here in particular I want to give you a concrete example of how we can intervene and address the problems that you tell us you are so concerned about. Sometime in January, we were faced with the difficult situation after Covid. We had a lot of backlogs, a lot of delays in the operating theatres and we were again faced with a problem of rants both in Attikon and in Evangelism and in a number of hospitals.We made a number of interventions and we have greatly reduced the extent of the problem. We have also worked with the private sector, not in the sense of privatisation - as some people say - but by buying services from the private sector so that the citizen, without having to put euros out of his pocket, can get a bed in a hospital, whether it is public or private.The problem of beds is being addressed. I also have a plan here, of course, for a hospital, the old Infirmary of St. Barbara. This will become a model centre providing primary, secondary and post-hospital care. And it will very much relieve the pressure that Attikon is under, especially in its on-call hours; strengthening health centres, strengthening the doctor's staff, strengthening preventive examinations, so important for women and for men. You women know how important a footprint the breast cancer screenings we have done have had. There are many other preventive screenings coming up. We need to take care of our health. Before we get sick. And we now have the ability to be able to do that.So expect the second four years to be the four years of the great renaissance of the National Health System, with very significant interventions. Let's stop the delays in surgeries. Nothing annoys me more, my friends, than when I hear a fellow citizen say to me, "I have an operation scheduled in three, four, five, six months for an emergency." This has to stop and it will stop. We will find a way to deal with it. We're going to recruit, we're going to change the processes in our hospitals. This will stop.