Friends, thank you very much for your warm welcome, which is another message of victory. It is another message that the democratic party is back in the political spotlight of the country. Friends, we are fighting a daily struggle, a national struggle, a patriotic and not a party struggle, because we have a duty on 21 May to let the sun of hope, perspective, social justice and national dignity rise again. The sun that gave the Greek people the best years, the years of post-independence. We have a duty to fight against two systems of power that divide the Greek people, that fight only for chairs and that have an incredible audacity against the democratic party.

I heard Mr Mitsotakis say today that I have a personal problem with him. He probably thinks that I put my nephew on his tail and not him on his. I also heard him say that PASOK, the PASOK of the new era, is closer to Mr Tsipras' Syriza. Who is Mr Mitsotakis addressing? To the Greek people, to their memory? Or is he addressing the mass media, which reproduce misery, lies and fake news to people who have forgotten what happened in the last 15 years? So let the Greek people here today from Kozani, from Western Macedonia, think about who is closer to Tsipras? Me or Mitsotakis? Which party will always be on the right side of history, PASOK or New Democracy? So let's put them in order. If in 2010 the majority of our MPs voted for what Tsipras and Mitsotakis voted for together, we would be in the drachma today because they were on the same front against reason, for the bankruptcy of the country, but they pretend not to remember. And because Mr Mitsotakis has probably forgotten, I call on his sister, Mrs Bakoyannis, who voted for the loan agreement at the time, to remind him who was on the right side of history. Who is closer to the practices of Mr Tsipras and Mr Polakis in attacking independent authorities? Me or Mr Mitsotakis? Have you ever heard any member of PASOK attacking the principles that PASOK itself created in order to have a strong democracy and the rule of law? Just as SYRIZA executives attacked the independent authorities from '15 to '19, in the same fierce way Georgiades and others are attacking today against Rammos and all those who fought to expose the wiretapping parastate. So we are not like them. They are absolutely the same. And if they think they are not the same, their practices are certainly identical.

Friends, we must speak to memory because they are constantly trying to present another reality. Mr Mitsotakis said that we have very big political differences. Yes, we do have huge political and moral differences. I did not have anyone in my entourage who was involved in the scandals that his closest associate, his nephew, is involved in. Mr Tsipras had his best friend convicted 13-0 by the Special Court and had him on SYRIZA's ballot papers, instead of sending him home, just as Mr Mitsotakis did not let the Parliamentary Commission of Inquiry do its job and bring Mr Demetriades to justice. So they are similar there too. Where do they differ? They differ in the fact that we are not looking for a measuring tape to see where we are closest to each other, because they are on the same side of the river and we are on the opposite side, because we are fighting for values, for democracy, with the sole aim of prosperity and respect for human rights. You won't see in PASOK the phenomena of Patsy. You will not see in the PASOK the phenomena of the client state, which had the audacity to say yesterday that the PASOK of my time is against meritocracy, because it says we did not vote for the evaluation of teachers. But the evaluation was carried out by meritocratic structures and not by an army of New Democracy's temporary employees; obviously we are in favour of evaluation.

But I did not hear Mr Mitsotakis respond to what I said a month ago after the disaster and the tragedy of Tempe. That I guarantee, if we are in government, that we will end the parastate, we will end opacity, we will end anarchy, but how? By stopping the appointment of hundreds of failed MPs and party cadres, armies of these 2 parties to agencies, hospitals and boards of directors. And how to do this in a simple way? With an open international competition in 2 months for all Greeks, either those who live in Greece or abroad, with a strong financial incentive for very strong resumes to come in with a five-year term, but I have not heard them put, are Mr. Mitsotakis and Mr. Tsipras in favor of what I am saying or will they continue to have the state as a spoilsport in their hands at the expense of your taxes at the expense of the public interest. And I'm surprised because I didn't hear any journalist ask these two political opponents if they want this new era of normalcy or if they want to continue the pathologies of bribery and anarchy and I say this because Tempi is a cross section. Tempe shows that there is no limit to depravity, no bottom to the weakness of political morality. When with European money, EUR 55 million 41 the original contract, a project had to be implemented within 2 years. And in 9 years with 2 successive governments with 7 project transfers, the project was never completed. Not even 1€ of Greek money, all European funds. And we suddenly stopped talking about Tempe. Of course, it is not in the interest of either one or the other for the Greek people to read the conclusion of the independent transparency authority that was sent to Mr. Karamanlis, the minister who honors the ballots of New Democracy in October 21, a year and a half before the tragedy. And where it said who was responsible for not implementing the project? What is the regime of opacity and corruption that does not allow Greece to have telecommunications? And is that enough? Yes, Mr Mitsotakis, we have huge political differences from both you and Mr Tsipras. We and our executives did not come out to tell the families of the dead, disregarding their pain, that it was a legal transfer of the offending OSE employee, the stationmaster. So said Mr Voridis, Mr Georgiades. And the commission appointed by Mr Mitsotakis himself, the three-member commission, in its conclusion says that it would obviously be an illegal transfer that he had exceeded the age limit. So here, what do the Greek people need to realize? They need to realize that it is not just what you say? It is who is saying it and I therefore call on the people here today from Kozani to put their hopes and anxieties on the credibility of the democratic party and not on the populism and fake news of SYRIZA and New Democracy.

Friends, we have a duty on May 21, with a strong PASOK-Movement for Change, to mark the inglorious end of these two closed systems of power. Those who change the election narratives like shirts. On the one hand they want self-reliance. The other they want a government with a vote of acquiescence. One day with Varoufakis, the next they denounce Varoufakis, the next they say come PASOK to work together, but we can't have a programmatic convergence in 3 days. So what do you want? All they want is not to cooperate with PASOK, but to end PASOK. They don't want our cooperation, they want your votes to continue their unrepentant games. So give a message of change. The democratic party is back as a protagonist to put the practices of hatred, discord and denigration in the dustbin of history.

Do you know? Mr Mitsotakis even questions the OECD figures. Mr Tsipras is a populist, he said that he would tear up the memoranda, he said that he would bring the Seismicity and he said don't pay your red loans and then he sold everything to the crows of the funds and today they are blackmailing hundreds of thousands of Greeks and thousands of businesses, cooperatives. The funds are not interested in solutions. Sudden death, they took 10-15%, sell them 20-25% to go to other victims, to another country. That's what Mr. Tsipras did. Obviously a populist. A hard populist who said what he had to say to gain power and deliberately fooled the Greek people and put the mockery, illusions and that's it. In fact, the day before yesterday he said about the red loans that I have a proposal that solves the problem, well, isn't that also Sesychastia, meaning that he is fooling himself? But he is only a populist, Mr Tsipras. Is Mr Mitsotakis a rationalist? Have you ever heard a prime minister of a western country, a European country, question the official OECD figures and say that the OECD is not saying it right? So what does the OECD say? Is our economy doing well? 7.4% real wages down in 2022 and that the increases are far below inflation and appreciation. What else does the OECD say? Third from the bottom of the European Union countries is the purchasing power of the Greek household. What else does the OECD say? 66% of government revenues are indirect taxes that hit mainly the poorest and the middle class. So who is doing well? The middle class and the underprivileged are not doing well, Mr Mitsotakis. Your friends, your cronies, the oligarchs are doing well, Mr Mitsotakis, and we have a duty to end the policy that makes the rich richer and the poor poorer. But Mr Mitsotakis does not like the OECD report. In fact, he recently said that he does not believe in cooperative governments because they lead to low growth rates and he cited Germany as an example, meaning that according to Mr Mitsotakis, the bad example of Europe's economy is Germany. I say all this to show that his only concern is the chair. They are capable of saying the same thing, the opposite, the absurd, because that is simply how they were taught. There is objectively no one reason, realistic and progressive.

So that is why I say to you, our struggle is not, dear friends, to win only a seat in Kozani or to go to a strong double-digit number. The real struggle, the duty of each and every one of you is that on May 21, the home of every democrat, every progressive Greek, becomes big again to embrace real struggles and give real hope to all generations. And I am glad that all generations are here today, the generation that founded PASOK and the generation that raised PASOK and my generation that will rebirth PASOK, the great movement of Andreas Papandreou. But for that we have come to Andreas Papandreou, where many claim the dowry of the founder of PASOK, the same man they did everything they could to wipe off the political map of the country. I heard Mr Tsipras say yesterday that Andreas said that the only opponent was the right. Tsipras forgets that it was Andreas who sent the right-wing of the post-civil war state into the dustbin of history, and it was Andreas whose own fellow travellers at the time did everything they could with the right-wing that he locked in the dustbin to take him to the Special Court and to prison. But do you know? There is no limit to the audacity. Is Mr. Tsipras giving PASOK lessons in anti-rightism? Please see our ballot papers. Our ballots do not include the far-rightists of Kammenos, nor the so-called supporters of Karamanlis who supported the bankruptcy of the country and which PASOK lifted up, sacrificing a huge amount of its political capital. So the gentlemen of SYRIZA should not look for the Right in us because they have it on their ballots.

But, friends, let us look to the future, let us look ahead, why PASOK? What is the reason? Beyond the deep historical and social roots, the footprint, the great projects, infrastructure, hospitals, the NHS, public universities, independent authorities, proud foreign policy, patriotic stance on national issues. When have we ever had New Democracy and Syriza as our companions? What did they support of all this? The ASEP? Transparency? The protection of the first home? Which of PASOK's great reforms are they trying to appropriate? They supported with their vote in the Greek parliament. They have always been enemies of change and both of them were conscious enemies of the great changes made by PASOK to make Greece a normal European country and to make its people stand up proudly in international competition. So let's go to the future. What are we doing today? What is our programme? Why are we talking about European social democracy? Why are we proposing a strong welfare state and a truly competitive productive base? Because our people simply will not stand for it. Our people cannot afford any more inequalities. Our young people cannot go abroad by the tens of thousands because they have no prospects and no future here. The country is collapsing demographically. What do we do? We continue to listen to the Internet parasite. Killing themselves for nothing. If there is a nuclear accident in Ukraine, Tsipras and Mitsotakis will be fighting in Greece.

Do they have anything to say about the big problems? 15 days ago, he says about the Evros fence that we built, we started. What was one of them saying about tearing it down? No, sell it and let the Greek taxpayers pay for it, he says. The other said the Europeans. Are these the big issues of the country? We built the fence. We are saying that the Europeans should pay for it because they have to put their hand in their pockets for the security of the country, for the protection of the EU's borders, which are European borders, as well as in other countries that border third countries.

The base of 10. But is it possible for them to fight? And Mr Tsipras says you will enter universities without exams? In which country in the world are there no exams to enter universities? But not these exams. Which in one moment decides a student's future for years. So why are they following this policy? Because they don't want to get to the bottom of the problems and we will. For 15 days, every day, our program will be the priority to let the Greek people know who have real political positions and who are only looking at chairs and positions. Every day in every city, in every village, the word of progress, of truth and dignity.

So let me start with the big issue of the day, which is the cost of living. Wages are rising very slowly and the cost of living is galloping. So because Mr Mitsotakis's pledges that wages will increase by 25% over the next four years are a mockery, just like many of Mr Karamanlis's and Mr Tsipras's, because they are of the same populist school. I say to you that we have another priority. To reduce the cost of living that and as long as wages increase to more than cover the problem and not consider every month looking at supermarket prices, looking at how you will get there in the first fortnight. This is what is happening with the younger generations.

So what are we saying? First of all, rents. In all urban centres, rents are rising. We are saying as in all serious European countries a social housing reservoir, 150,000 houses for 150,000 new couples, for poor Greeks with low rents to be built either by the Recovery Fund or with tax incentives and incentives for reconstruction, to open up old houses. Already in Thessaloniki, 15,000 have been registered in the houses. So if we give reconstruction incentives, zero ENVIA and low rent for 15 years, thousands of our fellow citizens will find cheap housing, they will have families and of course this will help the regions, the residential areas, with competition to bring down rents in general and not say, we will give you new property, as Mr Mitsotakis says, and young people will go and see that because of the cost per square metre they cannot join these programmes. Second issue. Very important. And probably to wrap this up and see the disregard for simple logic. The New Republic says they knew the problem and they are striving to solve it. I want you to know that in the Recovery Fund the Portuguese put 26,000 new houses. Billions of euros from Europe, not a penny of their own money. 20,000 Spanish, 10,000 Italians. Thousands of Germans. Thousands of Austrians. And Mr Mitsotakis, in contempt of the younger generation, put up 100 houses, 70 in Athens and 30 in Thessaloniki. This is the social face of the conservative party that disdains and disrespects the problems of the younger generation, pretending not to see the demographic projectile.

Second issue is cost of living. NHS. Greece is third in Europe in private health care spending. What are we saying? You can't get 2-4% of the Recovery Fund. We are committed to 8 to 10 to have 15,000 permanent medical staff. Doctors, sanitarians in public hospitals and not today having hundreds of surgeries getting postponed. A strong primary health care network and finally include health workers in the heavy and unhealthy to stop the mockery of the pandemic that Mr Mitsotakis made of them.

Friends, we have a duty to talk about the cost of living, which also concerns education. The base 10, the university police, they were asking us on the channels saying, are you for or against the university police? But there is no university police. Mr Tsipras took your taxes. He made a body which does not exist today. Another buffoon. Why didn't we do what all European countries do? Private security companies, protection, cameras in the laboratories where there are expensive machines paid for by the Greek people. Is there a criminal act? The regular police go in and deal with crime, just like in every other place in our country. Why did we have to do something special that ultimately doesn't work? So let's get to the heart of the problem. What do we say? Strong higher education with extroversion and research to become the engine of agri-food development in Greece with serious research in universities. To give strength to our exports. There is no other way, we have to go to the average of research which is the European Union. We cannot have block researchers in universities with very little money. This does not honour the researcher, no one will come back. Primary, secondary what are we saying? The school is a parerguard nowadays. Children have given main burden and their families to tutorials. Our school, the public school, is not working. What should we do? National Baccalaureate. Only with a national baccalaureate will tutorials be a second priority and public school, public high school and public high school and of course exams will be a first priority. But what exams? Not in a minute, sorry, in a process of judging your dream, your future. But exams in the last 2 and 3 years, as it is in France and Germany. And of course, remedial teaching for all Greek children. To reduce the cost of tuition, to reduce inequalities among our people. And above all, the vision of real special education structures. We are a socialist party that is people-centred. I can't imagine in 2023 meeting 40 and 45 year old parents across Greece whose children are on the autism spectrum and having these young people say to me, I'm afraid of what my child will do when I'm gone from this life. This is not a normal European state and we have a duty to build serious special education structures for the school of inclusion, so that every citizen feels that the state is there for them and supports them.

Friends. Red loans, private debt. If we do not regulate red loans and private debt, we will not have a real social economy and growth, because thousands of borrowers and their families are held hostage. So what do we say? The borrowers' negotiations with the fund crows must be based on clear banking criteria, with priority given to the regulations. Secondly, we must legislate for universal protection of the first home. But as much as we succeeded in 2010, and they say, gentlemen of SYRIZA. But we were pressured by the Troika. That is why in '15 we were talking to the Stisachthia and sold the people's red loans to the funds. Why, Mr Tsipras, did the Papandreou government not put pressure on the Troika to give up the first home, but managed to protect it? Of course, Mr Tsipras is trying to appropriate the protection of the first home by showing Mrs Katseli next to him, but I would like to remind you all that he himself voted against the protection of the first home and if we had followed him, thousands of Greeks would be on the streets today. Friends. 120 instalments for all. Anyone who adheres to the regulation to the end, a 30% reduction of the initial capital, but 120 instalments for everyone, and not for New Democracy to tell us that we have done this? There are 100 instalments, 120 instalments. So ask your friends here today in Kozani, in Ptolemaida, in Kastoria, in Florina, your friends, your acquaintances, your surroundings. Have those who applied for the 120 instalments been included? Very few of them did, and that is because Mitsotakis, even during the election campaign, was deliberately making fun of thousands of Greeks who, as small and medium-sized enterprises, are in a painful situation. And of course, the reduction of the banks' profit margin for punctual borrowers. You cannot have the difference between the interest rate on deposits and the interest rate on mortgages in an economy after 15 years of economic crisis, the highest in the whole European Union and say Mr Mitsotakis tax the excess profits of the banks, don't let them cheat the people for the benefit of their profits. And do nothing and 15 days ago his bank give him a gift for some borrowers, the fixed mortgage rate. That's not the policy. The policy is the policy of Spain, of the Socialists of Spain, who from the very beginning put a tax on the super-profits of those who profited at the expense of their people in the years of the energy crisis, whether they are banks or energy producers or supermarkets, and not us paying thousands of euros more in VAT from the obscenity of the revaluations and them making billions more than in previous years. Is that not inequality? Is that not a disregard for the public interest? So I say this because it is our duty to talk about the substance of these major issues and not to give in to populism and wishful thinking.

So we have a duty to talk about issues relating to local economies and regional development. You here in Western Macedonia know what a disaster it is to pursue European policies without being prepared, to talk easily about decoupling from lignite but not to have a development plan to support local economies. So what are we saying? Well, here in Western Macedonia, where we have the most tangible failure of SYRIZA and New Democracy's choices, you know very well that Tsipras started the silent de-lignification by reducing production by 50%, without any plan for the next day, leaving behind social and economic wreckage and unprecedented recession in the heart of the Western Macedonian economy. And New Democracy gave a violent character to the fumigation. Standing helpless to support the economic activities of the region, such as the fur industry which has reached a tragic dead end or the social economy and renewable energy here to continue to be an energy hub. What is the result? The result is that Western Macedonia is the region with the largest population decline, over 10% in the whole region and 8.7% in Kozani. And when the real problem has started in the last five years, imagine the side effects of their policy failure in the next decade in your region. So that is why, because we did not discover climate change late like Mr Tsipras after the tragedy in Mati and we started very early in 2008 to talk about green transition for a green economy and we were laughed at by saying green horses. We come today to talk simply. Delignification cannot be the forcible commitment of the economy to foreign fossil gas. When we talk about full decarbonisation, we will be talking about full decarbonisation, not the decarbonisation that hits Kozani and Macedonia, but fills the pockets of the country's powerful oligarchs through imported gas. So that is why we are talking about the energy democracy project. What is energy democracy? The green transition should not be a business in the hands of 5 oligarchs, but should be done in such terms and prioritising the region that is affected, Western Macedonia, the production that is affected, farmers, ranchers, farmers, processors, municipal communities and of course cooperatives. This is how a fair green transition is made. With renewable energy sources, with small parks and not with pharaonic projects at the expense of the people, who will be driven to huge inequalities and energy poverty in the next 15 years if we do not take the helm of the country. So that is why we are talking about balanced development projects in renewables, we are talking about storage projects, because the Italians, through the Recovery Fund, have built a very large battery factory in partnership between the private and public sectors? Why not do this in Western Macedonia to create the infrastructure of storage, to accelerate the pace of transition to renewables? Why not make a strong grid to accelerate democratization, but have an outdated low connectivity grid for the benefit of oligarchs? That is why Europe gave the Recovery Fund money, to build infrastructure, Europe gave it to us, not for the powerful in the country to take cheap loans from the banks at the expense of the archipelago of small and medium enterprises.

Friends. So, we have a policy that does not lead Western Macedonia to desertification but gives it a perspective for a just energy transition that will become a reality, as has happened in other advanced European countries. That is why we are proposing to maintain the energy brand name of the regions, to ensure district heating in all cities in the region. Complete land regeneration and environmental restoration of landscapes, retraining and utilisation of human resources and incentives for new professional activities. For example, agrotourism. Modern infrastructure with an emphasis on green transport. After the Tempi tragedy, did any of those with huge responsibility for the tragedy think that the train is the only green means of transport of the time, which all European countries are investing billions in, and that a strong network linking Greece with the central European countries should be started here in Western Macedonia? But when? When the money of the Recovery Fund runs out will we say all this? Then where will the next government come in and say what to do? We don't have any more money, evil Europe is not giving it. But when Europe did give it, that money became an expanded NSRF at the expense of the country's infrastructure. This is the government of Mr Mitsotakis.

Friends. Many important projects I can say for your area, as I will meet next with the local government on the issue of the bridge of Servia, which remains closed, another issue that must be addressed to stop the bisection of the municipality in two. All these problems show that when a region like yours, which is going through what it is going through demographically and economically, is not a priority for the country, then unfortunately the public interest is at risk along with all of you.

That is why social democracy is needed, because it speaks nationally, socially, patriotically, with a people-centred approach, with a focus on the poorest regions, with a focus on new growth that is sustainable and provides good jobs for your children. Imagine if SYRIZA or New Democracy continue to be at the helm of power. What is the future for your families? So, are the people who created all these problems going to solve them for you? But they have not solved them in the last eight and a half years. That is why I say here from Kozani and Western Macedonia: give me the power to make the power systems of Tsipras and Mitsotakis, which undermine the public interest for the benefit of the domestic oligarchy, for the benefit of the chair, for the benefit of their parties, a thing of the past.

I cannot conclude without saying a few words about our national issues. It is absurd that there is no national understanding. And Mr Mitsotakis has the nerve to say that PASOK is a party that does not want to have an understanding. Isn't it we who voted to strengthen the country's deterrent power with France? This year, are we not the ones who voted for the country's armaments? This year, is it not we who supported the health protection of the Greek people? Isn't it us who, in all the bills that provide solutions to problems, had the voice of reason? What did SYRIZA do, Mr Mitsotakis? But more importantly, what have you done, Mr Mitsotakis? So populists with or without a tie cannot give lessons in logic and consistency to the party of Andreas Papandreou, who holds high the flag of national consensus on the great issues of the nation. So we invite them to tell us their positions, what do they say, what do we do about Turkey? What do we expect from next Sunday's elections? I listened carefully to Mr Tsipras saying when he met the Chancellor of Germany that if Turkey changes its government, that is Mr Kilicaroglu, he will go ahead, he says, with a discussion on the Aegean Prespes. Andreas Papandreou and Aegean Prespes do not go together to end the mockery of the Greek people. Because you cannot say that you have a credible interlocutor in someone who talks about many islands that are in the grey zone or someone else who makes a spot on the Turkish elections by putting the islands of the North-Eastern Aegean and Western Thrace in red. If Mr Tsipras is going to find solutions with them, he had better go home too, because we have seen how he has handled our national issues with dignity.

Friends. Our party. has taken a firm stand, with the word of truth and consistency. We put Cyprus in the European Union. We made the island of Cyprus, the Greek Cypriots, to be in an environment of security through the Helsinki policy and the accession of Cyprus to the European Union with the Cyprus problem unresolved. Remember what they did, instead of continuing the policy of PASOK, they made friends with Erdogan, Mr. Karamanlis, but instead of reminding the Greek people of all this, they are trying to make us forget it. Therefore, we do not accept lessons in consistency on these very serious issues from either New Democracy or Syriza. Friends. There are only a few days left, it is 15 days. Difficult days. Every day fake news against PASOK. Lies. We are so small, that they are so concerned with us? I don't think so, we're not a small party. We are a big obstacle to Mr Mitsotakis' plans, a very big obstacle. Because we are simply not Syriza. And that is what Mr Mitsotakis is afraid of. As long as SYRIZA exists, he says to you, I'm not falling for everything he did, if Tsipras hadn't been in opposition, Mr Mitsotakis would already be a thing of the past. So what does it say to you? Beat PASOK so there is no alternative for democrats and progressives. We say fight for a great PASOK so that there is an alternative for all the Greek people, for progress, democracy, respect for human rights, the rule of law and hope and prospects for all Greeks and especially for the new generation. Therefore, in the 15 days that remain, I call on all of us in this new ambitious course of PASOK to join forces for a genuine progressive proposal for the cause of progress and truth. But this word will not go door to door, village by village, town by town, by those who caress Mr Mitsotakis. It will go from those who want change. And change is our struggle, it is a decision for change that the Greek people must take, because together we will make all change possible, with a strong PASOK, with a strong democratic party. Friends. I ask you here in Kozani, in Western Macedonia, over the next 15 days, that you and all of you take the struggle of PASOK, the struggle of the party, in your hands, in order to revive our country, to revive our homeland, so that the new generation can stand on its feet. Every day we fight together, house to house, door to door, in every workplace, the word of truth, the word of progress, the word of democracy, and on 21 May together to build a country with rules for meritocracy and transparency. This is the country the Greek people deserve, not the country of bribery and devaluation. Together, great change is possible. Together we will bring victory, start tomorrow in every village, in every town in Macedonia, join forces, join forces. The party of Andreas Papandreou, the party of great changes, is here again at the forefront of history. Good strength, good fight. 21 May, we will all be victorious, be well.