Homeland, a big thank you for your warm welcome. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Democratic Heraklion sends a message of joy, hope, victory and the rebirth of the democratic party. Here in Heraklion, the historic castle of PASOK. In the square where Andreas Papandreou loved and adored. Here again we begin by picking up the thread of history. Here in this square. In 1985 I first heard our founder Andreas Papandreou as a child. It was here in this square that I heard the late George Gennimata in 1993. Here in this square today, after many decades, I come. And I thank you from the bottom of my heart. Because you are once again proudly raising the flag of PASOK, the sun, the sun of optimism, the sun of hope, the sun of social justice and our national dignity. PASOK is here, united, strong. All generations of the Democratic Party are here in Democratic Heraklion, sending a message from all corners of the country. The Democratic Party, the people-born movement of May 21, is once again becoming the protagonist of developments. We have a national debt. We have a national debt. We have a national debt on May 21 to revive our movement, because it is a one-way street for Greece to become strong again and the Greek people to become proud.

Putting into the dustbin of history the discord, the toxicity offered by Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis at the expense of the public interest. However, friends, I would like to clarify to our political opponents here from Heraklion that there are no titles of ownership of the historical social legacy of the democratic party. This legacy and its continuators are those who fight every day for respect for human rights, for a strong rule of law, for the separation of powers.

What are those doing who want to abuse this historical and social legacy of the party founded by Eleftherios Venizelos and re-founded by Andreas Papandreou in 1974? Let us take the example of Neo-Nazism and Golden Dawn. Let us take this example. What they did for Golden Dawn. One looked at the polls. Mr Mitsotakis, while Golden Dawn was below 3%, it was useful for his self-reliance and did nothing for three years and in addition let Kasidiaris campaign from prison. What did Mr Tsipras do? What were his democratic reflexes?

Today the square of Democratic Heraklion shows who the real opponent of the Right is. Already Mitsotakis would be a thing of the past if it were not for Mr. Tsipras. That is why on May 21 the real opponent of New Democracy is reborn. But what did Mr Tsipras do about Golden Dawn? The so-called leftist, the so-called progressive? The day before yesterday, the unscrupulous Mr Tsipras invited the misguided voters of Golden Dawn to vote for him.

You know, this place has always had a patriotic, democratic feeling. That's why Golden Dawn never grew in Crete.

From this proud place, we send a message to Mr.Tsipras that when he invites the excrement of the apologists of the junta, he must also take responsibility. Why is he inviting me to progressive fronts? Who are the progressives? Who are the anti-rightists? Those who were with Mr. Kamenos and now have half of Kamenos' party on their ballots or those who have Antonaros, the right hand of Karamanlis, the Karamanlis of bankruptcy, whom Mr. Tsipras cheered from Serres the day before yesterday. But come on, come on, let's accept that for electoral reasons he is coddling the Karamanian right. But the progressive world, the democratic world, does not accept that he should caress the extreme right-wing neo-Nazis and that Barbarousis should come out and tell the Golden Dawn MP that he will vote for Syriza. It is a disgrace and I invite every leftist, every democrat, every progressive to the great embrace of the democratic party, to the real home, PASOK, our movement. But now. But now what he said in the last few hours proves why Mr. Tsipras in Parliament did not vote for the amendment that prohibits the killers of Fyssa, the killers of immigrants, from participating in the political system. You know, but that's not all.

Justice. Who respected justice? My friends, Mr Tsipras was acquitted by the Special Court, a member of Syriza, and he said that justice works very well. Another member of Syriza, his closest associate, was convicted 13-0, justice is bad. Mr Mitsotakis, we are catching him with a goat on his back. With the illegal wiretaps that I am also a victim of and the Armed Forces Authority, he is absolutely covering for his nephew. So what justice? When has justice ever been respected? We discover the interceptions, for months I was bombarded by the New Republic social media that I was an agent of foreign powers. What the right did in the post-civil war state at the expense of the left. And when after a few hours I went to justice, instead of the Left really and genuinely supporting our effort, they started to instrumentalize the case by telling the people "don't trust him, he's taken".

We are so much autonomous from the oligarchy. The new political ethos of the party will respect every Greek woman and every Greek who has just been a point of corruption, we sent a lady home, while Mitsotakis covers his nephew and Mr Tsipras covers his best friend, by having him on the ballot papers, on the SYRIZA ballot papers.

So who expresses the new political ethos? Shall we go back to the tragedy of Tempe? What happened in Tempe? The Independent Transparency Authority in October '21 had a conclusion that said who was responsible from '14 to '21 between governments and SYRIZA and New Democracy, that while Europe gave 55 million euros for telecommunications, there was no telecommunications and 57 of our fellow citizens died unjustly. What happened to this conclusion? Minister Karamanlis locked it away in his drawer. And this gentleman is today also on the ballot papers of the New Democracy. But why has he stopped? Why has SYRIZA stopped talking about this finding? Because it also reveals its own responsibilities, which gave seven extensions to the project in favour of the contractor company so that it would never be implemented.

So we are the democratic party, because we respect justice, we respect people, we respect the citizen and we have a vision for Greece to become a normal European country and not our state, and not our state to be a tool of power for the tenant of Maximos.

The new era finds us all together, more united than ever before. And no matter how much we are beaten and no matter how much we are beaten, we will grow stronger because we have learned, we have learned our lessons and we have only one goal, the overthrow of the correlations, the clash with the establishment that will make PASOK again the real realistic responsible antisystemic force of Greece. We therefore keep the legacy of the Democratic Party, because we have always held high the flag of responsibility, progress and the dignity of the people. We have always held high the flag of social justice and national dignity. That is why we have a duty to give hope to every Greek to come back to the real genuine home of progress and not, and not to the so-called progressives, the sponsors of New Democracy. We have a duty to confront the populism of deceiving the many. And we also have a duty to confront the elitism of serving the few. The people do not need this power dichotomy that divides them, that keeps them in the past, that gives power only to the powerful. We must defend the vulnerable and the middle class. So that is why we are the ones who put up a barrier, we are the ones who prevent the worst scenarios for the country. Because we are the force of realism and responsibility.

Friends, Mr Tsipras is the real golden sponsor of Mr Mitsotakis. The other day, Mr Tsipras said that his sponsor is Varoufakis, who is terrorising the centrist citizens with his 'Demetra' plans. And I ask you, is he the one who is talking about the Aegean Prespes? Is he who says that the sea has no borders not terrorising the centre?

When his former finance minister tells him about local currencies, doesn't that scare people? And when Mr Katrougalos reveals that the hit on the middle class and freelancers is coming again? Who are they helping? The people or New Democracy with these unspeakable regressions?

But they have the nerve to take the name of Andreas Papandreou in their mouths. Andreas Papandreou, Mr Tsipras, would never have called in '81 for the excrement of the junta to vote for PASOK. He would not have considered them to be deceived. Andreas Papandreou would never have talked about Prespes in the Aegean. Andreas Papandreou would never have said that there are no borders at sea.

Friends, the two-sided attack that we are being attacked is for one reason only, to stop our dynamic march on May 21. The domestic oligarchs are attempting to blackmail the people by drawing scenarios of instability. Mr Mitsotakis believes that we have forgotten what has happened in recent years and asks you to vote for him again. Forget about the parastate of wiretapping, forget about Patsis who bought red loans at the expense of the Greek people in order to speculate. The MP of the New Democracy. Forget, forget the 10 billion in direct commissions, forget that he is a champion of seconded employees, forget the executive chaos that we experienced here in Crete, not only in Evia and here in Crete, in Arkalochori, with the thousands of earthquake victims who even today are deceived and live in settlements. This is the staff chaos, the staff parastate that Mr Mitsotakis has set up to keep the Prime Minister's chair tied to his chair.

People do not forget what the Right means. But we have a duty to confront every kind of maintenance, the maintenance that makes Greece unable to stand on its own feet in European normality, the maintenance that makes hundreds of thousands of Greek children go abroad, the maintenance that continues the client state and the buffet. We have a duty to build a state of transparency and meritocracy. That is why, and here from Heraklion, I pledge that if we are the government, all the positions of hospital administrators, all the positions of organizations that were appointed by party children of New Democracy, Syriza or ours in the past will be stopped and with an open international competition, the best Greeks will come to serve the public interest, to respect your taxes and not to be the signatures on the office of the Prime Minister of the day.

Friends, recently Mr Mitsotakis said that he cannot talk to the PASOK of my time. He said that I was not a danger to democracy. You know this very well, because you gave me a strong mandate of autonomy in December 21.

Because I was not a danger to democracy, but this people, this proud gathering, this river, sends a message that the real danger to the strength of the New Democracy. Because they wanted a humiliated, small, tool in their hands to have an easy co-governor. There is no PASOK crutch, Mr Mitsotakis. There is PASOK strong, strong to send you and Mr Tsipras home. Friends, Sunday 21 May, Sunday 21 May, we are breaking the plans of the illegitimate two-party system. We end the tango of toxicity between Tsipras and Mitsotakis. We have a duty to turn the country around, to bring better days with a strong welfare state, with sustainable growth. We built a proud Greece. We are raising the sun again, we are rebuilding the strong Greece of the 21st century.

Friends, the Prime Minister is completely unable to understand the daily needs of citizens, of people who are struggling to make ends meet until the end of the month. The young people who are forced to settle for EUR 400 and EUR 500 a month, the workers who live on the worst wages in all of Europe except Bulgaria, the small and medium-sized professionals who cannot have liquidity because they cannot cross the threshold of the banks, the households who are drowning in debt, the middle class who have lost a very large part of their purchasing power.

I am addressing all of them today from Heraklion and I call on them on Sunday to give us a strong mandate. We will not let them down. With this programme we are building a new relationship of trust with every Greek for a Greece of decency, dignity, meritocracy, a real productive economy, knowledge and sustainable development. We are indebted to the welfare state, strong cohesion and the rule of law is the vision of every European people. We have no room for manoeuvre. There are only a few hours left until Sunday and we must fight together, all together, to guarantee the Greek people the brave changes that our country needs, the changes that give a real perspective to the new generation. Only PASOK can be the progressive alternative to what we are experiencing under Mr Mitsotakis' cruel system.

So, in front of us, Mr Mitsotakis is hiding what is coming as a side effect of his own political choices and on the other hand, Mr Tsipras, unrepentant, like in '15, is saying things that he cannot implement by deceiving, attempting to deceive once again the citizens. Friends, what does Mr Mitsotakis say? Give him, he says, self-reliance to raise the minimum wage to EUR 950 and the average wage to EUR 1 500. But he has nothing to say about where Greece is today, where Greece is with his government. The minimum wage, according to the OECD figures, which he despises, which he does not consider reliable. I have never heard a prime minister of a western country who does not consider the OECD figures to be reliable. We cannot listen, Mr Mitsotakis, only to the parroting of New Democracy in the media. Indeed, let us listen to an international organisation. The minimum wage, the real minimum wage, has fallen by 40%. The indirect taxes you paid in 2022 were two-thirds of total state revenues. Greek households are third from the bottom of the European Union in purchasing power. But watch out. And while all this is happening for the middle class and the poorest Greeks, 150 listed companies quadrupled their profits in 2022 unchecked, taking advantage of the energy crisis. It also does not mention that the public debt has increased by 50 billion and the trade deficit - and this is the most important thing because this is why we entered the memoranda - is the largest trade deficit since 2010, since Greece entered the memoranda.

Therefore, if we do not stand in the way of populism with a tie and populism without a tie, the country will be driven back to the rocks by these two dangerous, dangerous people who undermine the public interest of the country. The European elements will change all together. We have a duty to change them. We owe it to the new generation of Greeks, your children, your grandchildren and all generations to trust us again to build a Greece of social justice.

But look at the comparative figures with other European countries. Didn't Portugal go through memoranda? Portugal's trade deficit was 1.5% in '22 and reaches a surplus in 2023. You won't hear this on the news. It is our duty to tell them to every Greek. Why? Because this party rang the alarm bell when the Karamanlis government was telling us green parrots. They bankrupted Greece and then, with SYRIZA, they deceived the Greek people. We are always on the right side of history. They together were on the side of populism, divisiveness and deception.

Friends, our vision for Greece is grafted from the deep historical and social roots of PASOK. The vision of justice, of reducing inequalities, of a strong welfare state, of education and health care that act as an engine of upward mobility, as in the 1980s, when the child of the farmer and the stockbreeder became a doctor, an engineer and built his life and his family with dignity. This is what we must offer again to all Greek children.

So we have a duty to create a healthy economy that will open up jobs with dignity.

A country with strong institutions, with the rule of law, with the defence of human rights.

A Greece that will be a pioneer in the world of the real green transition.

A Greece that will be a pillar of stability and peace throughout the Southeastern Mediterranean.

So I have a duty here from Heraklion to speak to the heart of the young people, those who in 1974, together with Andreas Papandreou, made this movement a people-born movement. Those who today do not trust politics. That is why our first priority is to rebuild a relationship of trust with young children, with young people, with the new generation, the new generation that fears that it will live worse than its parents. We also have a duty in the new era. We have a duty to confront all the establishments that are holding Greece back. We have a debt together to prove that our movement is politically autonomous, has no commitments and can serve the Greek people as it once did, the people and the country. That is what we were. That is what we will be again.

Young people today want to study. PASOK is here. We are here again in Liberty Square. In the square of the Democratic Games, in the square of the proud Cretan people who gave birth to PASOK. Here we send a message of victory again to all of Greece because Crete will once again become our castle. Crete will be green again. This is what we must achieve on Sunday 21 May.

Friends, we owe it to young people to commit ourselves that the cost of living will fall. Your children, your grandchildren are leaving to study in Athens, in Thessaloniki. Other young people come here, but they cannot find houses, low-cost housing. Rents are going through the roof. In recent years we have had a huge rise in the cost of living. What are we doing? What the Socialists are doing in Portugal and Spain. Social housing for 150,000 young couples and students. No, we are not giving away houses, Mr Mitsotakis. We are giving houses with low rental costs, either from the recovery fund, which had the audacity to say that it was interested, and the Portuguese have put 26 000 newly built houses in the recovery fund, the Spanish have put 20 000 newly built houses in the recovery fund, and Mr Mitsotakis despises the younger generation, putting 70 houses in Athens and 30 in Thessaloniki, but he is throwing ashes in your eyes with the EUR 150 youth pass.

The young generation has dignity, Mr Mitsotakis, and is turning its back on the passes, the election passes. The young generation has dignity and wants to work. The young generation of Greece is proud, Mr Mitsotakis.

So, we. The people have experienced again in their own skin what the Right and Mitsotakis mean because Mr Mitsotakis has imitated all the practices of his father. Interceptions, coddling of the oligarchy and new inequalities.

For this message, a message of disapproval for New Democracy and a message of victory for the Democratic Party.

So we are building this pool of social housing with newly built houses and opening up closed houses with zero ENFIA tax criteria and reconstruction incentive criteria. In Thessaloniki alone there are 15,000 closed houses.

Second issue. Young people deserve good jobs. 700,000 people in Greece live on 400 and 500 euros. That is why we are proposing the creation of 50 thousand full-time jobs for young unemployed people. We are subsidising work, not unemployment in the private sector with a four-year subsidy of employer contributions. And finally, very crucially for young people and workers, we are reducing taxes on wage labour in order to combat black labour and to ensure that there are decent wages with respect for the labour rights of Greeks.

Friends, in Education, the new generation, I strive every day to embrace the anxieties of all Greeks. I struggle to embrace the anxieties of the middle class. You are the strength of the new era of PASOK. The common people, the common people. From you I expect us to fight together and bring victory on 21 May. I expect nothing from the domestic oligarchy because we are autonomous and strong and proud. So raise proudly the flag of PASOK, the flag of the Democratic Party.

Friends, education is what the Greek people need. Dignity in public education too. The centre of gravity today is not the school, the high school and the lyceum, but the tutorials. We must put an end to this, because the cost to the Greek family is enormous. What are we saying? We establish the National Baccalaureate, as in other European countries, so that the centre of gravity for the youth is the public school and not the tutorial. And that way Tsipras and Mitsotakis won't be playing dice on the backs of young people about the base 10 and that your children's future won't be decided in one exam. There will be no family angst, no child suffering, but in the last 2 years of the national baccalaureate with multiple exams, the child will choose with dignity and cheapness how to create their dreams for a better life.

Friends and friends, the Greek mother, the Greek family, the mother. We have a duty to deactivate the huge national demographic bomb. Demography is a top priority for a patriotic movement such as PASOK. That is why we support the family and especially young mothers in their multiple roles. No child, I pledge here from Heraklion, no Greek child will be left out of nurseries and creative activity centres. Let us support the Greek family. Also increase the maternity allowance for freelance women so that they can stay at home with their child and not have to run to open their office before they even give birth. And of course, lower taxes on families with children.

I want you to listen, the evidence is shocking. To understand how much they disregard the great national issues of the country, such as demographics. A family with no children in Greece and a family with two children have a three point tax rate difference.

In Portugal they are 10 points ahead, in Ireland 14 points ahead, in Belgium 15 points ahead. Because they saw the problem early on and they are trying to incentivise families to have children.

I am committed to going to 10%, as it is in Portugal. And of course, will Mr Scurtsos say 'have you measured the cost of the measure'? So I am answering here from Heraklion. Yes, Mr Scherzo, it is not just the fiscal footprint. It is also the social and national footprint. And we have a duty to defend the Greek family.

So where do we get the money from? When I said earlier that 150 listed companies have quadrupled their profits in '22, I'm saying something simple. Up to 50 thousand 5% we should get tax on dividends. Today it's for everyone, no matter how much they make 5%. We say up to 50,000, 5%. Above 50,000, it goes up from 5 on a sliding scale until the highest income gets 15%. This is how we tax wealth fairly and in a graduated manner, not as Mr. Tsipras did across the board. Secondly, last year at the TIF, Mr Mitsotakis announced a measure. To tell you the truth, listening to him, I did not believe that the Greece of bankruptcy and memoranda would have a prime minister who would say from the TIF that he would make parental benefits tax-free up to 4.8 million euros. Who are you addressing, Mr Mitsotakis? What middle-class family? Which household? Which weak Greek can give his child and grandchild a tax-free allowance of 4.8 million in real estate, movable property and shares?

We say, no, that's the end of the middle-class mockery. They will be taxed normally and there will be a ceiling of EUR 400 000, so that the measure really concerns the middle class and the weak Greek. The strong will pay, the strong will pay, so that we have a strong welfare state, so that we can tackle social inequalities.

Friends and friends. Private debt. We held an event next door a few months ago and I heard the agony of the Heraklion Union, as I hear all over Greece, the agony of 80 thousand families with Swiss francs and hundreds of thousands of Greeks whom Mr Tsipras deceived by saying from '12 to '15 don't pay, don't pay, no house in the hands of a banker. And he brought electronic auctions and sold billions of red loans to blackmail today the Heraklion Union, our farmers, our livestock farmers, the crows of the funds. That was Mr Tsipras' Left.

So I say simple things. What we did in 2010 when we protected the first home, we will do now. Protect the first home universally for the middle class and the weak Greeks.

We universally protect agricultural land from the risk of confiscation. Not a single acre of Greek farmland to the crows of the funds. And of course, because those of you who know the problem, their lawyers call the borrowers and instead of going with a plan of regulation, they go with a plan of extermination because, Mr Tsipras, Mr Mitsotakis, they are not banks that want customers. These are crows who want to exterminate society to go to another society. We will therefore vote for a law that will define the framework of the borrower's negotiations with the funds so that priority is given to regulation and not to the deflation and annihilation of the Greek economy. We have a patriotic duty not to allow the gutting of the Greek economy. Finally, small and medium-sized enterprises that are choking on liquidity. Portugal, the recovery fund, the loans, made a special financial institution for those who cannot borrow from the banks. Mr Mitsotakis gave it all to banks. I am committed to making part of the recovery fund, the loans, a single financial institution with criteria beyond those of the banks, with environmental criteria, new jobs, digital growth synergies, in order to really support the liquidity of small and medium-sized enterprises. And the 120 instalments of Mr Mitsotakis' mockery. We have been saying for many months, bring in the 120 instalments, the market is suffocating and we are told what are you saying? We brought in the 120 instalments. So I call on all of you today, tomorrow morning, to ask your colleagues, the small and medium-sized enterprises, how many of them were able to join Mr Mitsotakis's 120 instalments, to see how much he disregards the common sense of the Greek people. I am committed to 120 instalments for both the tax office and the EFKA for everyone, in order to support small and medium-sized enterprises.

Friends, farmers, farmers, livestock farmers, processors, the cost of production is rising. It is now very difficult to produce in Greece. What should we do? We have to bring down the cost of energy. How can we do that? How do others do it? The Recovery Fund became a network, it became an investment in renewable energy, but not for five oligarchs who will be neglecting the cable from Crete to mainland Greece or who will be neglecting the networks of mainland Greece, but it became a plan where thousands of producers can make energy communities and have low production costs in the next 15 years. I am committed that we will bring energy democracy, energy justice with priority to energy communities. Priority in terms of connection will be given to the country's producers and Municipal Energy Communities. What I am saying, you know, are not issues that I have imagined or that I have invented with our staff in PASOK. They are what is happening in every European country that works for the people and not for the oligarchs. This is PASOK's duty, to work again and serve the Greek people in a genuine way. Friends. For the farmers we once said that blood is not water. The farmer and the peasant all over Greece knows well who in the 1980s gave him extroversion and dignity. It was Andreas Papandreou's PASOK.

Therefore, apart from the energy costs, we have to deal in a redemptive way with the precariousness of the rural world. So that is why we are saying specifically for agricultural inputs, animal feed, fuel, zero excise duty, agricultural oil, oil for the whole period of the crisis. And, of course, trying to prioritise addressing the problems of ELGA, we say update the ELGA Insurance Regulation with an extension of coverage for disasters to livestock and crops caused by climate change. This year we will have one of the worst summers ever. Climate change is ante portas and ELGA must adapt for the benefit of all farmers in the country, without the adventures and delays that undermine farmers' liquidity. Finally, friends, finally, the introduction of the unencumbered and tax-free nature of subsidies, compensation and aid to farmers.

Just before the national elections, I can't stop talking about the National Health System that was born by PASOK, George Gennimata and Paraskevas Avgerinos. We created the National Health System, we have a duty to revive the National Health System. But how? Private health care spending is. PASOK is here to fix the NHS, to fix public education, to rebuild the welfare state that will be a guarantor of reducing modern inequalities in the country. Friends, the NHS is falling apart. The Greeks are third in private spending in Europe. We are surpassed only by the Lithuanians and the Bulgarians. What are we saying? 2 to 4% of this fund is given by Mr Mitsotakis for health care. I pledge, because this fund was set up for the pandemic, 8 to 10% from the recovery fund so that we can have permanent doctors and not have Mrs Gaga looking for on-call doctors and Mr Mitsotakis saying that everything is going well. Permanent medical staff to stop the shameful lists of delayed surgeries. And of course, strong primary care. Strong primary care. And I pledge here from Heraklion that the mockery of the health workers with the heavy and unhealthy is over. PASOK is committed to their inclusion in the heavy and unhealthy and not just the pandemic straws. Friends, much has been said in recent hours about Mr Katrougalos. Has Mr Vroutsis changed things much from Mr Katrougalos? He has improved things a little. We with 1.1 billion, which will be much less, because by abolishing the personal difference from 01/01/2024, after 4 years we will have zero costs. With 1.1 billion we are correcting all the injustices in the pension system created by the Katrougalos and Vroutsis laws. The EKAS that Mr Tsipras abolished we are making a new EKAS for 350,000 pensioners, the poorest pensioners in the country. We are abolishing the personal difference and we are also abolishing the unfair provisions for disability and widowhood pensions. And if they ask you how much is that? 1.1 billion, not Mr Mitsotakis' 6 and Mr Tsipras' 10. We are not kidding, we say a little, but that will be put into practice.

Because I repeat, we are building a new relationship of credibility with the Greek people. Friends, I really want to thank you because today here in Heraklion we have shown that this party with its deep historical social roots has returned to the heart of the Cretan people who loved it, who adored it, and we will fight until Sunday to be the first party in Heraklion, to be the green prefecture again, the castle of PASOK, the castle of the Democratic Party. We are forming a broad social alliance with all Greeks, a new current of progress and responsibility. We are putting a stop on 21 May to Mr Mitsotakis's arrogance. We are putting an end to the populism of Mr Tsipras. We have paid dearly for both of them. There is no such thing. PASOK came back to this square united, strong. We are again becoming the people-born movement of all generations of Greeks.

But friends, I want to tell you something about the word change. Mr Tsipras must understand that no matter how many plagiarisms he uses, no matter how many times he uses the word change, change is not a slogan. Change is the image, the experience, the memory of the Greek people of the work of the Democratic Party, Mr Tsipras, because the first time the Left was PASOK in '81. The first time you were with the far right of Kammenos, and the Greek people have not forgotten that. So this work of change is the images and experiences. That is why I ask every Greek who voted for PASOK in the past to remember who built the hospitals in Greece, who established meritocracy with the AΣEP, with the giant Anastasios Peponi? Who did the major infrastructure projects, who built the CCPs, who created the Transparency of meritocracy and transparency? Who made the law on self-government with Kapodistrias? Who is the patriotic force? Who is the patriotic force that made Greece strong in Europe and integrated Cyprus into the European Union with the Cyprus problem unresolved? Who is the patriotic party that put Turkey's feet in one shoe when now Mr. Tsipras wants the Aegean Prespes and Mr. Mitsotakis plays Pontius Pilate to the provocations of Erdogan and Kilicdaroglu? This party, the patriotic party, at every turn of history has had a plan for national issues. Even today remember. Which is the party that on 19 May 1994, seventy-five years after the genocide of the Pontians, when no one did anything, Andreas Papandreou came and established the genocide in the memory and consciousness of the people. Because a people that does not remember goes through the same adventures again. Memory, knowledge, experience, is a guardian for every people. Friends. Some are trying to show that this new beginning has a ceiling. On May 21 we will prove that this new beginning, this genuine progressive change, has no ceiling. There is no ceiling to the Greek people's struggle for better days. Therefore, I call on you to redeem us from the alternation of the two faded and corrupt systems of power and to restore the citizens' trust in the Democratic Party. They have been trying in the last hours to pin the blame for ungovernability on PASOK. Oligarchs every day ask us who will you go with? Are we going to have ungovernability? Do you know? There is always a government after elections. The question is what will this government serve; those who terrorize you or you, your children and grandchildren. So terrorize with your vote the terrorists who feel safe with the Mitsotakis system and the sponsor of the Mitsotakis system, Mr. Tsipras. The only danger is not ungovernability. It is immobility and decadence. They never wanted to cooperate with us, to bleed and plunder PASOK, they wanted New Democracy and Syriza. They want to wipe us off the political map. Is this the first time? They did the same thing in '89. We will answer them here from Heraklion, just like in '89. The plundering of PASOK is over. The rebirth of PASOK is ahead on 21 May. So proudly raise the flag of PASOK, the green flag of the Sun.

I pledge, here from Democratic Heraklion, I pledge here from Democratic Heraklion, that we will not disappoint any Greek woman or Greek man. The new era with a strong PASOK will again be an era of social justice and national dignity. Because PASOK was born to serve the people and the country. That is what we are, the people-born patriotic movement. Friends, remember historically we have always been on the opposite side, from easy, from patronage. We have made mistakes. Let's be honest with ourselves. We hurt the people sometimes. But we have a duty to make this experience a brave change. PASOK has suffered and learned.

They remain unrepentant and they must pay for it at the ballot box on Sunday. They are two unrepentant power systems that in the face of their goal of capturing the chair, put the public interest and your real concerns in the back room. It is therefore our duty to defeat these two systems by the popular verdict on 21 May. Friends. I am talking about consultation, I am not talking about power bargaining. There are no power bargains, Mr Tsipras, Mr Mitsotakis. The government will be determined by the people on 21 May and not by the oligarchs in dark rooms, as you have learned in the past.

Friends. May 21. A strong PASOK means stability, democracy, development, sustainable economic growth, hope and perspective. Therefore, with our strategic autonomy as our compass, with the public interest as our compass, we can, if we fight a few more hours, become the big surprise of the 21 May ballot. The surprise of the Renaissance, the surprise of the strong democratic party. That is why I ask you here, from my homeland, from the homeland of Eleftherios Venizelos, from Crete, which loved and gave birth to the Democratic Party, that we all fight together. To fight. And on Sunday, with the word of truth, the word of dignity, the word of hope, the word of hope, the word of perspective, so that our country can turn the page. We have a duty to win and we will win. For this, good fight. Good fight. We have a duty to make Greece the strong and proud homeland. We have a duty to make the Greek decent, to give hope to the weakest. We are the party of the underprivileged. We are the party of the middle class. We are the party that built a strong Greece. We will do this again on 21 May with the rebirth of PASOK, with the rebirth of the patriotic movement. Here from Heraklion, a message of victory from every corner of the country. Be well. Raise high the flag of the green sun. On 21 May the sun of PASOK, the sun of hope, the sun of perspective, rises again. I thank you from the bottom of my heart. And I pledge here from our homeland that we will give every ounce of strength we have within us. We will give everything we can to make our party strong again and our country proud. Be well! Good luck!  On 21 May, history will take revenge on those who prematurely thought that PASOK and the democratic party were over. Our rebirth, here from Crete, shows that our history and our social roots are reuniting all Greeks under the green sun of change and hope. Homeland, thank you and I will fight for PASOK and the party with all my strength. We will make PASOK the great progressive force again, the genuine home of every democrat. Thank you very much. Good strength. Democratic Heraklion today sent the flame of the fire of rebirth from one end of the country to the other. Bless you. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. In every café in Crete there will once again be the flag of PASOK, the green flag. In Crete, PASOK, the democratic party, is proudly re-establishing itself in Crete. This flag, this flag, shocks millions of Greeks. This song speaks to the soul of millions of Greeks. Why? Because change is our tradition. Because change is our DNA. Because our party is our home. Because the struggle is our life. Because our life is to defend our country and the Greek people. Strongly. We will be 21 winners. Thank you very much. Well, a few hours left. It's good to fight in every village, in every place, in every, in every workplace. Tomorrow, Saturday, is a few hours, a few hours, a few hours, a time to fight, fight, fight and I'm sure if all of us here today fight as we should, on Sunday night the map will have a green county, the county of the heart, the castle of PASOK, the castle that loved and glorified Andreas Papandreou. Bless you. A few hours of struggle all together. Let us speak the truth, the word of progress, consistency and dignity. Away from populism, elitism and divisiveness. We will unite the people again in the great things to come. Bless you. Thank you very much. Bless you.