Thank you for the very warm welcome in Nikaia, in Piraeus. From here we send the message of the great victory in the elections of 21 May. The message that the country must continue to move forward with stability and security, with prosperity and with confidence in the future. A better future, which can only be guaranteed by our great party, New Democracy.I think that all of us together today can make a bet, which I know we are in a position to win. To bring New Democracy first in Piraeus and especially first here in Nikaia.

I come, friends, from a very nice visit I made to the shipyards of Perama and I am referring specifically to our shipbuilding zone, because it marks the commitment we have given all these last four years to job creation. I have seen shipyards that are bustling with life, more than 10,000 people working in Perama, the shipyards of Elefsina have been saved by this Government from certain closure, 700 jobs have been saved, another 1,300 will be created, and that, my friends, is how we understand progressive social policy in practice. And I mention this because you know many people claim and wear the mantle of progressive, but I wonder if there is a more progressive policy than one that creates jobs with good wages and lifts people out of unemployment. And I refer specifically to this parameter, because only New Democracy has proven over time that it can bring growth, bring investment and bring more and better paid jobs.

And, of course, I am happy because I am in a square here, which is also identified with the way we perceive major infrastructure projects in our country. Here, the Metro, which we had the opportunity to inaugurate, brought Nikaia out of its isolation and connected it to the centre of Athens. I would like to tell you that similar major projects are being launched throughout the country. Thessaloniki will very soon have its own ultra-modern Metro, and here in Athens the Metro will be extended further westwards, and we will have a new line connecting one end of the city with the other. Because this ultimately means growth and prosperity, many major projects that improve the daily lives of citizens. Large, medium and small, of course, because don't forget that here the municipalities in your region have received more than 100 million resources to be used.

What I do is for you to judge. One thing you should know is that we have given local government the most financial tools it has ever had at its disposal to implement critical projects that ultimately improve your quality of life. So we have done our duty, as we have supported social structures, we have supported health structures, we have built the Health Centre in Keratsini, which is a model Health Centre for how we perceive public health in our country in the next day. We have strengthened the policing departments, because I know that this is an issue that concerns you very much. We have, in other words, bent over backwards to the problems of your own regions.

Did we fix everything? No. But never, my friends, did I promise miracles.  I promised a lot of hard work, and I can look you in the eye today and say, "yes, we have been faithful to all the campaign commitments we made to you when I was in your district before the 2019 elections."

And with the same fervour, with the same enthusiasm I want to continue, friends, because we have many plans for Greece for the next four years, how to increase our wages, how to have better health care. How we will continue to shield Greece. And I think that has a special importance here in Nice, in the refugee Nice. You know very well that this government has defended the national sovereignty of the country and protected its sovereign rights. It guarded the borders. And it sent the message of a strong Greece, which will always face all crises from a position of confidence, with good and strong alliances. This is how we understand our country's role in the wider region.

And this course, friends, this course of progress, this course of progress, this course of progress must under no circumstances be interrupted in the next elections. And this is the great stake that we all have to win. We have achieved a lot in these four years. We have gone through great difficulties: from the pandemic, the refugee crisis, the crisis with Turkey, the war in Ukraine, the imported boom in price. But we have kept the country firmly on the path of progress. And that is precisely what this election is all about. Whether we will keep moving forward or whether we will roll back.

And whether we will continue - I was listening to a friend, because it was Labour Day the day before yesterday and I was wondering: who is more liberal, the one who gave us the minimum wage at 650 euros or the one who took the minimum wage to 780 euros and pledges to bring it to 950 euros in the next four years?

Friends, but because I am here in Nice, an area with very strong political symbolism, I cannot help but comment on recent developments. And I am referring specifically to the decision of the Supreme Court Chamber to ban the Golden Dawn killers from contesting the national elections.We have raised a mound of democracy. The regulation that we passed in Parliament has been tested in practice and has had the expected results. And I am proud today, as a democratic, progressive citizen, that it was the New Democracy party that took the lead and won the battle. It was a battle for democracy that we won today.

But I wonder, how do those who were absent from this battle that we all had to fight together feel today? SYRIZA never voted for the legislation in Parliament, on which the arguments of the Supreme Court Chamber were based. It refused to submit a memorandum to the Supreme Court, arguing the obvious, that essentially behind the party that was contesting the elections is a criminal organisation that has been convicted of using criminal violence. He was able, listen to this, because there was a last big effort to have SYRIZA file a memo together with New Democracy and together with PASOK.Think how strong our position would be if the three major parties came to court together and asserted the obvious. And yet, the supposedly progressive and left-wing Syriza chose to stand against this front of common sense and democracy that we put up. Together with Mr Varoufakis, who, Mr Varoufakis told us: "the party of Kasidiaris must not be excluded from the Parliament".

Two sad exceptions, who today must be held accountable and, if anything, apologise to all democratic citizens and acknowledge their mistake in claiming that what we did would not be enough to prevent Kasidiaris from running in the elections.

So we, and I say this here from Nice - and you understand how charged this place is in the battle we have fought against Nazism - we have done our duty to democracy. Let those who were absent from this battle reflect on what their real responsibilities are and stop, even now, fishing in the murky waters of anger, protest and rage, the waters that once brought them, the far left and the far right, together in the squares of anger and the anti-memorandum struggle.

I want to tell them that the Greece of 2023 is not the Greece of 2012, it is not the Greece of 2015, it is not the black Greece that is presented in the TV spots of SYRIZA. It is a country that is well on its feet. It is a country that is optimistic. It is a country that is bright. It is a country that can look to the future with greater confidence, with greater optimism, with greater self-confidence.

And that's the future we're talking about. This is the future we want to talk about in the 18 days until the elections, so that people can compare, in the end, not only what we have achieved. We will be judged on our work for four years. Syriza was judged on its own work in the last four years. Moreover, it does not seem to have changed its mind at all. The same things it said in '15 are the same things it is saying now. The same company and perhaps worse, because you see, the many companies with Mr Varoufakis have given various people ideas about how they can perceive progressive governance. Because if I understand it correctly, progressive governance as Syriza understands it, in partnership with PASOK and with Mr Varoufakis' party, simply means that someone may come along at some point and say to you: "I'm sorry, the banks have closed and your euros have become 'Executioners'".

So, because we have tried all this, because we have come very close to the edge, because we have not forgotten what happened in the first half of 2015, we say to them: thank you very much, we do not want to go back to this era, we want to look firmly and boldly ahead. And for this future, as I envision it, for a prosperous Greece, with good jobs for young people, with high growth rates that can give us resources to invest in social policy.

A Greece of social cohesion that in the next four years will put the first emphasis on public health, because I know how much you and we are concerned about this issue and I want all Greeks and all Greek women to know that everyone must have equal access to quality public health, from the preventive examinations that we are now starting for women for breast cancer, to the Personal Doctor.Think about it, for the first time the state came in and went to women from 50 to 69 years old, sent them a message and said, "you can have a free breast cancer screening." 130,000 women have already taken advantage of this program, 7,000 cases of breast cancer have been identified. These were women who didn't know they had breast cancer and now that they know, they have a much increased chance of getting well. So we envision a comprehensive public health approach, starting with screening, going to the Personal Physician-and I know many of you have already signed up and are using the Personal Physician.It will go to quality health centres, such as the one we have opened and which is already operating in Keratsini, and then we will have good, quality hospitals, where you will not be delayed to have an operation, you will not be inconvenienced in the emergency departments, you will not have to pay a fee to have an operation more quickly.This is our approach, our vision for the public health of the future, for a Greece that takes care of all, especially our weaker citizens, our older citizens, our pensioners.

I've been hearing lately that Mr Tsipras says he cares a lot about pensioners. Yes, now he's remembered. After having smashed the pensioners with the Katrougal law, he is now coming and saying that it is the fault of the Katrougal personal difference that some people did not get a raise now and that he will abolish it in the future, he says. Which he himself did.

So we are making a commitment to pensioners that your pensions will continue to grow every year. And pensions will increase in line with the growth rate of the economy, the faster the economy grows. And for those who have fallen victim to the personal differential and have not seen increases in pensions, I want you to know that, especially for low-income pensioners, we will continue to support you until the personal differential is finally erased as pensions increase.

So these are some of the specific commitments we have made. And of course, in elections all parties are judged on their credibility. Do they believe us or will they believe those who have never put into practice what they promised? I believe that the people will believe us, ladies and gentlemen, simply because we have done what we said we would do, and I have not sought, mind you, any alibi. I did not hide behind judgments. I could have said to you, "I had a pandemic, I had Turkey, I had a refugee crisis, I had Ukraine, I had war, I had a lot of things, so I am sorry I was late.

I'm not telling you, because quite simply the basics that I had committed to do, I did. I told you that I would cut taxes, I did. I told you that I would reduce contributions, I have reduced them. I told you that I would create jobs, I have created jobs. I told you that I would raise the minimum wage, I did. I told you that I would protect the borders, I protected them. I told you that I would invest in the Armed Forces and I invested.Can others say the same?  They cannot.So, because we have to keep a firm grip on the wheel, give me the strength to lead the country more boldly, more forward, more upwards. I need that strength. I need it especially here, from Piraeus II, from Nice.

I am sure that the results of the elections will surprise many people. All those people who have been cultivating various scenarios from now on, now they don't like, he says, the polls. I hear the latest theory of Syriza is that they don't like the polls, they don't like the polls, they don't correspond to reality because they say people don't dare to answer the pollsters, we say they don't need any polls. Come and see how many people we get at our rallies and how many people Syriza gets so that you can take the real measurement of what is happening in society.

And we will do the cash, of course, on the evening of May 21, and I am absolutely sure that on that evening we will know, regardless of the "hibernation" of the simple proportional representation, on the evening of May 21 - and regardless of what happens afterwards - we will know who will govern Greece for the next four years. And that will be New Democracy, our great party. Be well, thank you very much, good strength, good fight.