Thank you for your love. I return it. Thank you for your trust. Thank you for proving once again that Laconia is the great castle of our party, New Democracy. Because this is where the real Spartans live. And you know, moreover, that the links between Crete and Laconia are so strong, which is why Konstantinos Mitsotakis has always had so many good friends here in your part of the world. Indeed, friends, I did not expect such a massive reception in Sparta. Well, because you have exceeded my own expectations. But since you challenge me, I will ask you all to make a bet with me: our percentage in Laconia, but - look out - also in Sparta, will be "5" ahead after next Sunday's elections. Because, I do not know if you have noticed, but in the elections of 21 May, the Dodecanese passed you by a few hundred votes. So let's go get the gold, Laconia to give back the highest percentage in the country. And we will succeed. We will succeed, my friends, because the message of May 21 was a deafening one, which was heard throughout the country. It came as a reward for effective politics in the midst of very great difficulties. It also came as a reward for political consistency between words and deeds. What we told you in 2019, despite the great difficulties, we implemented it and the Greek people rewarded us for it. But it is asking us to do one more thing: it is asking us to run much faster, much more boldly, on the road of reforms, to continue and complete our work. We will do it, with your support. We will paint all of Greece blue again. On 25 June, Greeks vote and on 26 June, with modesty, we roll up our sleeves and work to solve your problems. But I want, friends, I want this impressive enthusiasm that I see and receive today in Sparta to be transformed in the few days that remain before the elections into one last great creative effort, to face the great danger of this ballot box, which is none other than the danger of complacency. The polls on 25 June will be empty in the morning. At 7:00 a.m. the polls will open. They will be empty. At 7:00 p.m., when they close, they should be filled with even more New Democracy ballots. Mind you, I've been in politics long enough to take nothing for granted. It is my duty until Friday night, when the campaign lights go down, to strive to convince every last suspicious fellow citizen that it is worthwhile to place their support in our great party, New Democracy. Then the responsibility passes to all of you.