Young Democrats of Patras, allies from Achaia, from all over Western Greece, thank you for this impressive welcome. I will again be the Prime Minister with your strong mandate on 21 May.A big hand for our amazing youth, the ONNEDites. And good luck in the student elections. Again the GOP will be in the lead, because it always shows the way forward, the way of progress, progress, prosperity.

Friends, Mr. Regional Governor, dear fellow candidates, we are together again after a short time. In the meantime, however, I see that the crowd has grown and the pulse has increased, so that your presence here today turns my optimism into confidence. Yes, on 21 May this spring brings a new victory, a new four-year term for a self-reliant Greece and a self-reliant New Democracy.So, on the occasion of this slogan, I will address all the people of Patras and Patrina, come and let us make the big bet together that this time Achaia will be blue.

Because once upon a time the figures of the past said that Patras and Achaia were the strongholds of other powers. But the momentum of the present and the hope of the future are now changing things. I see it everywhere. And what has happened in four years has erased old differences and forged a broad current of progress, a river that is uniting again to say "no" to a second time to misfortune and give a second mandate to progress.

Because indeed, friends, I have said it many times and I mean it, I will say it again here in Patras: the next elections will be the most crucial elections of the post-communist era. They will decide whether we will go forward or turn back, whether we will risk new adventures of ungovernability or whether we will continue on the path of security and prosperity, as we have been going these four years, with a captain and crew on board the national ship who have shown that they can weather great storms, such as those we have gone through and overcome together.

Just remember what we had to deal with during these four years: first the migratory invasions in Evros. Almost simultaneously, the pandemic storm for more than two years. Today, just today, the World Health Organisation has officially closed this traumatic cycle. Daily threats from our neighbours in the Aegean Sea, immediately after the Russian attack on Ukraine, which caused a global energy crisis and a global precision.

And yet, in the face of all this, our economy has remained standing and our society, yes, despite the efforts of some to divide, has remained strong and united. It is true that no government has ever been called upon to manage so many obstacles in so little time. But it is equally true that in that time, state and citizens, together, have made difficulties into opportunities. With the country facing the waves to navigate the waves to calm waters, but without missing for a moment the destination that the government boldly charted in July 2019.

When I spoke again here, in Patras, four years ago, let us remember together what I had committed to. Less taxes and more investment and new jobs. I made a commitment to you for a country with impregnable borders, with dynamic growth, with better incomes. A country that would take care of the most vulnerable, but also a country that would get off the sidelines and elevate its place in the diplomatic arena.

So let's go and see all the things I have committed to. Have we done them? The answer is, yes, we did. Four years later, you know very well. I expect a similar answer from you now.

This great party of ours, for us, gentlemen, who are timeless UNNEDites, we know that we have always based our strength on the younger generation. And do not listen to anything, those who say "the young generation is not with us". You are proving the opposite.

So let's go back to what I had four years ago and what we did. We eliminated fifty taxes. We cut taxes. I told you that I was going to reduce the ENVIA. How much? 30%. And I reduced it how much? 35%. For all owners. Import tax rate. Where did we get it? At 22%. Where is it today? At 9%.No one, except the very rich, pays parental benefit tax anymore. You can freely pass on property to your children and grandchildren. No one pays solidarity tax, and contributions have been reduced by four points.

What does it all mean, friends? Look, €7 billion a year in permanent tax reliefs that have lightened the backs of workers and the shoulders of businesses. At the same time, the minimum wage has risen from EUR 650 to EUR 780, an increase of 20%.

And may the youth allow me to say a word for your grandparents, because for the first time pensioners have seen an 8% increase after 12 years.

Because I know that there are many among us who are wronged by the Katrougalos personal difference, you should know that we will continue to support you until the Katrougalos personal difference is finally extinguished.

In the same period - and this is acknowledged by everyone - Greece set a record for investment and exports. Record exports - note, this is important for an agricultural region - in the primary sector. Record tourism revenues. Three hundred thousand new jobs. Unemployment down six points. Growth among the highest in Europe.

And the national economy has been upgraded 12 times, it's one "step" below investment grade recovery. What we call investment grade is not some neutral parameter that only concerns economists or macroeconomics experts. It is something that translates into cheaper money. Something so important at a time when interest rates are rising globally. It is the right to borrow on more favourable terms. So, it is a trigger of a better life in our daily lives.

This is precisely why the importance of the investment grade has a strong political and social footprint, but on one condition: that we have a strong government of New Democracy after the elections. Then, under this condition alone, I personally pledge that the country will regain investment grade before the end of 2023.

Fellow competitors, members of our great party, nothing in Greece of 2023 resembles the image of Greece of 2019. Not only in the field of taxes, wages and labour, but also in other critical areas, security, national defence and foreign policy. The "scorpion country" in which some people did not distinguish borders at sea and wanted them wide open on land no longer exists. It belongs to another era.

On our Evros, the fence is being extended and illegal migrant flows have almost been reduced to zero. Our islands have been relieved of the disgrace of Moria. In the Aegean, our Coast Guard saves lives every day from the networks of traffickers. And in our cities, including Patras, we don't have - as we once did - migrants being "basking" and then disappearing.

I took on a duty in 2019 to support our Armed Forces, because I am well aware that defending our national sovereign rights and national sovereignty is non-negotiable for our party. You can already see the results: 24 new Rafale, 84 upgraded F-16s for the Air Force, new frigates - the first two are already being built - and modern armoured vehicles. But above all, we rely on the capabilities of those who bear the national emblem and whom the country strengthens as much as it can, both morally and financially.

And this new Greece for which we have fought for four years now is also finding expression in your region, which has experienced what de-industrialisation means, what recession means, what unemployment means. However, Mr Regional Governor, here in Western Greece, in Achaia, in Aetoloakarnania, in Ilia, employment has increased by 10 whole points. In the local register of Achaia alone, we now have 10,000 more businesses than we had in 2015.

And when the country is proud of its major projects, when Athens is proud of the Metro, when Thessaloniki is proud of its own project that is being completed, when the north is proud of the Egnatia axes, when the whole country is proud of irrigation projects, when you are proud of the 14 regional airports, you have every reason to be proud.I told you in 2019 that I would move heaven and earth - I used those exact words - to finally put into practice the great development issue for Ilia and Achaia, the Patras-Pyrgos road. Well, the road is being built, it is being built, it is no longer a model, it is no longer a project in the minds of some people. It was a personal bet of mine.Today I visited the construction site near Patras. I was pleased because there are parts of the road that are progressing faster than the planned timetable we had set. The road will be ready in early 2025. Together with your support, I will be the Prime Minister who will officially inaugurate it.

But we go on to win the other bets we have committed to. At last, the water supply of the city and the irrigation of the Region from the Piraeus-Parapiro dam. With all the irrigation and water supply networks. The railway connection to Rio and the port with a 5.2 km underground connection within the urban fabric. The strengthening of your dynamic university. The upgrading of the port so that Patras can once again become the western gateway of the country. The redevelopment of the ski resort of Kalavryta, of Ladopoulos.And of course, I am not forgetting - because we have friends here and from Agrinio - Aitoloakarnania, Mr. Mayor, the connection of Agrinio with the Ionian Highway, the ecological upgrading of the lagoon of Messolonghi.

And of course, for our primary sector, the important projects which have been launched in Ilia and which will change the face of the primary sector. We have discussed all this. You remember, we came here two months ago and presented the development plan for Western Greece, because this plan can really make Western Greece and Patras the leaders in development. Together we will implement it, together with the Regional Governor, we will walk together and we will make Western Greece a leader in the next four years.

But also all our nationwide initiatives were transformed into local initiatives, 57 billion euros in total we spent to strengthen society and the economy during the coronavirus. This supported workers and businesses. All small and medium-sized enterprises know this well; everywhere I go, in the shopping centres of all the cities that are bustling with life, these businesses know that they were kept alive by this government, which actually paid the workers' wages and supported them with the refundable advance.

The steps taken in education. We still have a lot to do. I will talk to you about them later. But, yes, we were the ones who first appointed 25,000 permanent teachers to our schools. And it's a great joy for me when I go and meet substitutes who have become permanent and they say, "Finally, you've relieved us of that stress of having to move from city to city not knowing if we're going to have a stable job next year." Thousands of such hires have been made here in your own District.

For health, a total of 18,000 new health workers were recruited. In total we have 107,000 currently serving in the health system and we had 100,000 before the pandemic. We are moving ahead with important modernizations, such as the modernization of the Karamandaneum, which I am committed to completing as soon as possible.

And of course, the new reality of digital Greece. No more queues at the CCP, no more hassles. You'll be able to settle your outstanding debts with the state from your mobile phone. And I'm very happy when I talk about the digital revolution and I don't just see young people, I see our elderly citizens who have discovered technology and now understand that it can make their lives easier.

For the women who are with us, the free screenings. Which save lives of women who are now being screened for breast cancer for the first time.

We did all this in the midst of great difficulties. Isn't that so, Maria? You've been through it and you know it. Maria Polyzou, a fighter, our candidate for the state ballot.

And, of course, the work we do in our schools. Look out, 36,000 interactive whiteboards, within a year they will all be installed, in every public school in the country.

This is the result of a policy that combines economic recovery with social care. The main objectives should be set centrally, but implementation should be applied locally. And the collective gains should be returned to the citizen and at the same time spread equally to every corner of the country.

Friends, has everything gone so smoothly these four years? I will be the first to tell you that it has not. There is no doubt that successive crises have delayed aspects of our work. I was the first to have the courage to stand up to you and acknowledge any mistakes made, taking personal responsibility. Because that is how I see my role.

But I never invoked the crises as an alibi. Nor did we hide from our mistakes. We chose to be a government that does not deny its weaknesses, but that does not submit to them. So now, filling the gaps identified in the first term become priorities for the second term.

And what I want us to do between now and the elections is to talk first and foremost about the future, about our programme, about what we want to do in the next four years, about this programme which appears here in my summary form.

It is the programme of the second four-year term of the New Democracy. It is a solid and costed plan. They are measures embedded in specific timetables. They describe the Greece I envision in five chapters: a productive Greece, a social Greece, a just Greece, a modern Greece and a Greece that is always strong.

The first objective, non-negotiable for me and trust me that we can achieve it: we will raise wages by 25% within four years. The average wage will go to 1,500 euros and the minimum wage will go to 950 euros; we will finally have a new wage scale for the public sector and we will have additional tax reductions. We will increase the tax-free allowance by EUR 1,000 for each child.

We will phase out the business tax. We will reduce by at least 30% the presumption of subsistence, an unfair tax that comes from the past. We will reduce employer contributions by at least one point.You will tell me, how can we achieve this? We can achieve this because the precondition for this policy is that we have growth much higher than in Europe, more investment. And, yes, unemployment at the end of 2027 - mark my words - will be below 8%. It will finally approach the European average.

I want to increase the number of professional farmers. I will allocate more resources for young farmers. I know that we have such outstanding issues in Ilia and in Aitoloakarnania. And, yes, our tourism revenues can reach 30 billion by the end of the decade. Think how many additional jobs and better wages this will entail.

We will complete 10 major flagship projects. One of them, of course, which will be completed before the end of the four years, will be the Patras-Pyrgos motorway. And, I open a parenthesis, Patras-Pyrgos does not stop at Pyrgos. I have already given my approval for the studies to be completed to connect Ilia with Messinia and for Ancient Olympia to have a decent road connection.

The second objective, my personal objective: decent public health care. I know that the National Health System was tested during the pandemic years, but it is my commitment at the end of the four years to have a different National Health System.We will upgrade, with money from the Recovery Fund, 156 health centres. We will have new emergency departments in 80 hospitals. We will put an end - and we can do it, at last - to cots and halve the time it takes to serve patients. I do not accept, in Greece in 2023, that you have to wait months and months for a scheduled operation; we will have new hospitals. At least four in number, in Komotini, in Sparta, a new paediatric and oncological hospital in Thessaloniki, remote telemedicine units. But we will have one more thing: we will expand the institution of the Personal Doctor for all and for all. Already many of you have registered, it is a successful institution. But most importantly, friends, we will close the loose ends regarding the staff. We will recruit 10,000 nurses and doctors over the next four years.I will repeat here my commitment - I said it today in Ilia, when I was in Amaliada and Pyrgos - that no health facility will be closed, all of them will be modernised, all of them will have their role. It does not matter whether it is a small hospital or a larger hospital; we will close the outstanding staffing issues. And you will know that health will finally be transformed from a major patient into a protagonist of the social policy of the New Democracy. This is my personal commitment, it is my personal bet, and you can trust me that I know how to make it happen.

Let us now talk a little bit about education. In addition to interactive whiteboards, we will exceed 150 Model Schools. Do you remember how much Standard and Experimental were fought by some people? Now they recognize their great value and we are faced with the happy situation of having many more applications than we can accommodate; full-day primary schools everywhere, with hours until the afternoon to relieve working mothers. Upgrading vocational education, better salaries for teachers, better housing for students. We will build 8,500 places in student halls of residence.

You already know that the student allowance has already been increased from 1,000 to 1,500 euros and to 2,000 euros if you live together. Two thousand euros means that if two of you live together or three of you live together, 4,000 euros or 6,000 euros. This means essentially full coverage of the cost of rent.

But, look, young children everywhere are telling me, it is not possible at this moment that young children cannot leave home, have their own family and have their own home. The 'My Home' programme responds precisely to this need. I will double the resources we have available: 20,000 young people and young couples will own their own home, repaying a concessional loan with instalments lower than the rent they would otherwise pay.

Fair Greece is, however, mainly addressed to the weakest. The minimum guaranteed income is increased by 8%. "Personal Assistant", so important for people with disabilities, is extended in the first phase to 2,000 of our fellow citizens across the country.

I am proud of our social policy. I am proud that we have dealt with a number of very difficult social issues that supposedly progressive governments of the past had left completely on the sidelines.Because New Democracy, friends, is the great popular party of social justice, which wants to give opportunities to everyone, primarily to the weakest.

And of course, the new major reform of the state. It is not enough for the state to be digital, we need to change the internal processes. For the first time we had a nationwide ASEP competition. More than 70,000 gave, were tested. Those who enter the civil service will be made permanent after a two-year test, but they will all be constantly evaluated. I am not backing down one step on the need to have evaluation everywhere.At the end of the four years, this big step they have taken with gov.gr will be completed. The whole public sector will be 100% digital. But it has to be efficient. Digital transactions alone are not enough. We need professional behaviours as well.

And a Justice which, at last, at last, will be delivered on time. This is where fair Greece meets both digital and green Greece. I know how concerned you are about these issues, especially the local government leaders here in your region.

By 2027, 80% of our electricity needs will be produced from Renewable Energy Sources. They are cheap, they are clean. No one can blackmail us and shut off our gas and hold us hostage.Of course, these programs are not just for the big producers, they are for you too. You saw the response that there was to all the conservation programs. From the "Change Water Heater" - and a water heater is a Renewable Energy Source - to the "Roof Photovoltaics", to the small photovoltaics for farmers and Energy Communities, so that the farming community can reduce their production costs.

Finally, I want to talk a little bit about a strong Greece. The one that is already around us, with strong Armed Forces. Armed Forces that did not hesitate, friends, to fly to war-torn Sudan to be able to rescue our fellow citizens who found themselves in the midst of a tragic civil war.

Yes, our borders are fortified. But our voice is heard loudly everywhere, from Brussels to the US Congress, enhancing our country's credibility by investing in major diplomatic agreements.

Here, in the Ionian Sea, we have extended our territorial waters to 12 miles. Our country is becoming an energy hub. A protagonist. Everyone wants to talk to us when we talk about regional energy issues in our neighbourhood. And so we will continue.

The Evros fence will be completed with or without European funds. And shame on some people who asked in Brussels with amendments that the European Union should not fund such an essential national project.

And of course, our arms programmes will be completed. Allow me to make a special mention of an armament programme that indirectly concerns you. In 2028, hopefully, we will take delivery of the first F-35, 5th generation, state-of-the-art fighter aircraft. For those who don't know, these aircraft will be based in Andravida, where more than 150 million will be invested to enable us to serve the most modern fighter currently available in the world.

And of course, when it comes to security issues, 5,000 police officers - hold that number - will be freed from bureaucratic procedures through the digital revolution and will finally be next to the citizen, where they really need to be.

Friends, I have spoken briefly, I could talk much more about my vision for Greece in the next four years. But these costed proposals, this realistic programme, this realistic programme, this programme which I believe expresses our common vision of how Greece can truly become a European country, what is it up against?

I will talk a little bit, very little about the opposition, but I want to say a few things as we are already in the middle of the election period. We have a Syriza that, after failing as a government, has also failed as an opposition. It is also failing now as a 'serious force'. It is proving that it remains incorrigible, miserable like its own reality and, unfortunately, as dark as its own advertising messages.

I go on tours, many people say to me, "President, we see what Tsipras is showing us and our hearts go out to him." That is not the reality of today. He has painted everything black.  Even the artichokes are black.But don't get your heart caught up in the false blackness. You will send them the bill and the answer at the ballot box on May 21. Because this is not the Greece of 2023. But it did the same thing when it closed the banks, when it saddled us with a third unnecessary memorandum, when it imposed 29 taxes and 17 cuts, when it crushed the pensioners with the Katrougalos law.

He did so afterwards, however, when the people condemned him. For four years now in Parliament, with our colleagues, we have always been amazed that the opposition can say 'no' to tax breaks, 'no' to tax increases, 'no' to the Evros fence, 'no' to armaments, 'no' even 'no' to the rights of our fellow citizens with disabilities. 'No' even to the 'no' of democracy to Golden Dawn.

If we had the General Secretary of the Communist Party here, he would say about Mr.Tsipras: "That's him". So that today he is once again giving away free benefits, 83 billion from his favourite money centre. And - this is interesting - in a laconic tone, he is asking to govern for the first time, he says, without memoranda. For the first time to govern without the memoranda that he himself brought in. But is he serious?

Well, I too ask to govern for the first time without the difficulties we have experienced, without hybrid attacks, without coronavirus, without war in Ukraine, without international inflation, without constant threats in the Aegean.

As I have said, friends, I prefer comparison to conflict. So let us compare two four-year terms. Words and deeds, and with them hypocrisy and truth. You cannot, my friends, have made 'Justice everywhere' your central slogan and have on your side the guilty 13-0 in the Special Court, Mr Pappas, irrevocably convicted.

But I want to say something about the young kids. You can't boast about excellence when you ask children to enter universities with a 1 and a 2. Mr Tsipras chose to put a distinguished Harvard professor at the head of the State election ticket, and rightly so, because he is a serious scientist. The same university from which I graduated.

And, I wonder, does Harvard have sledgehammers? Harvard has Molotov cocktails? The University Police are good in America but bad at the University of Patras? And if he - note the hypocrisy - teaches at a private university, why does he deny it here in Greece? But also, as an educator, how does his leader tolerate telling such lies to children just before the Panhellenic exams? To insult all the students who are studying today and their parents?

In the comparison of programmes and consistency, Mr Tsipras gives a blank check, even if he copies. He even imitated the slogan "We stay in Europe, we become Europe". Of course, stealing from PASOK, I also saw the 'Contract for Change'. We, the older ones, remember them a little.

That is why it is now rushing to activate the "landmine" of the simple proportional representation. His goal is one: confusion and political chaos. And what we have not heard in these three weeks. A government of losers, a government of tolerance, a flirtation, open or underground, with Mr Varoufakis, who has already exchanged your euros for 'Executioners', turning your own deposits into printed paper.

That's why he is now turning a blind eye to the votes of the criminal Kasidiaris. Here I want to dwell a little. You know, we had a great opportunity for the three major parties to come together and to build a democratic mound against the Nazi murderers. And unfortunately SYRIZA chose to be absent from this great battle of democracy. So be it. We won it ourselves. The ordinance we passed stood up in court and the Golden Dawn cutthroats were disqualified from running in the elections.

Friends, our opponent is one, and that is ungovernability. But we also have another opponent: any cooperation that could potentially lead to paralysis. Beware.

Things around us will not get any easier, and in a more unstable environment with an unpredictable neighbour - now Turkey may be making overtures of friendship, but who knows if after the elections it will not turn back to its aggressive rhetoric - Greece cannot and should not risk what it has achieved by leaving the path of certainty and progress. Nor should it move in a blurred landscape, with blurred statements.

The leader of PASOK cannot insult the citizens by saying that tomorrow's Prime Minister will not be the one who will be voted for at the ballot box, but someone "unknown" who knows him and will be chosen by him, but he does not tell us who he is during the election.

It is good to measure our boot and not our shadow, as the wise Greek people say. Above all, however, we should all be at the height that circumstances demand. I would like to ask you one thing as we approach the peak of the election period. Our country is not asking us to reopen the wounds of the civil war every now and then, nor to argue about the surrender of past leaders.

While they are fighting over the legacy of Andreas Papandreou, we will be talking about the future of our country. About how to raise incomes, how to reduce taxes, how to create jobs, how to have better public health, how to secure our borders.

And in any case, let us finally turn history into a useful experience. That's why all this pre-election bickering is of little concern to me. What I am interested in, and what I have talked to you about and will continue to talk about, is the importance of the moments, and it is ultimately the big stakes of tomorrow. It is how we will build together the Greece of certainty, of prosperity. A Greece that we truly deserve.

Precisely for all of the above, I insist that the country needs today more than ever a clear horizon on the path and a clear solution in leadership. Just as clear is the question we are called upon to answer on 21 May: are we moving forward or turning back? Do we continue with relief and better wages or do we fall back into taxes and cuts? Do we want a country that is armoured and secure or a country that is weak against every threat? With a voice proud and strong abroad or with awkward visitors to foreign leaders? In other words, all these dilemmas are finally united into one: do we want New Democracy and Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis or Syriza and Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras? So simple but so serious.

So in this ballot box, and there is only one ballot box - I do not hear what will happen in the second ballot box, I can only see one ballot box in front of me, on 21 May - there is no room for uncontested votes and empty messages of so-called protest. No mistake can be corrected afterwards. On the contrary, a resounding message from this ballot box will pave the way for the perspective that the country is looking for: a self-reliant Greece and a self-reliant New Democracy.

This is not a partisan expediency. In the current circumstances, stable government is a national necessity. It is of special importance in your region. You have a deep democratic tradition. It has not always followed our ideas, but it has always been in line with reality. And it indicates that many old ideological boundaries are already fading away in the light of the need for a better outcome.

Greeks are united again, as they were in 2019, in a wide river. It is the wave of responsible patriotism and creative modernization that was born in 2019 and is swelling again, rallying all citizens, all those who, without party blinkers, claim a better today for themselves and certainly a better tomorrow for their children. And this great current of progress I invite you tonight to make it grow, to flood and blossom in every corner of the country, with you, the members of New Democracy, as protagonists. After all, our Secretary of the Political Committee, Pavlos Marinakis, is also from Patras, and every patriot who claims what we claim, Greece, the Greeks first in Europe, will be next to us. Carry this message everywhere, town by town, village by village, neighbourhood by neighbourhood.

Constantine and Helen will be celebrated by our democracy, with our country proudly running the road of progress at a faster speed, more productive, more social, more just. Let us fly the flags of progress. There are many of us and more of us every day. The future cannot wait. On 22 May we will bring victory to Patras, to Achaia. Walking as we have decided, steadily, boldly and always forward.We are going for victory. Long live New Democracy. Thank you very much.