Good evening to all in Heraklion. Although I am a Rethymnian, don't say it out of order I feel more at home in Heraklion than in Rethymno than in Chania. Which I love of course, but I don't know why maybe because it reminds me a bit of Athens as a Pseudo-Cretan Athenian. With Heraklion the Mera 25, DIEM 25 from the bays in which Mera 25 was born, we have a tradition with Heraklion.

Remember? It was also in 2015 we'll be here in St. Titus some of you, the elders who were talking about the rift back then, when some, unfortunately fifth column in our government were pulling the rug out from under the rift. That's why the break never happened in 2015. That's why we're talking about break for the first time now since day 25 alliance for break. We started DIEM 25 after that capitulation of Syriza, the overthrow of the people is the first time in history that a government of the left has overthrown the people on that referendum night, resulting in the continued flight of our young people. And those young people who did not leave that day and before, of course, have to live here in a crouching state of galley conditions, whether they work in hotels, catering or work as hired labour in these hordes of hired labourers. That is why that no vote was important, so that we do not end up where we are now. With a predetermined course if there is no break. The desertification of this place.

That's why it's important that after 15 we came back here as DIEM 25 some of you were here when we were in a cinema down here and we laid the foundations and then in 2019 we got a parliamentary seat here in Heraklion we put the no again in the Parliament, we sweated the jersey in and out of Parliament for 4 years now it's not, we just said no. The no was a trigger for us to constantly submit proposals. We didn't expect, we had no illusions that the system would say Ah what a great idea this is, we will adopt it, of course not, but what did we do? We were responding to citizens who are not interested in the left, who are not interested in political parties, because that is the majority of citizens. Badly, but that is the reality. And they say they ask you if you were the government, would you have done? Take a proposal for a law. Take an amendment to see exactly in legal language what we would have done. That's what responsible disobedience means, it means not being obedient to the dictates of the troika oligarchy and at the same time saying here's what I would have done this morning before the second coming before socialism.

Because if you don't get into the many people there that there is an alternative even today within this flawed capitalist system. There is a way to stop the bankers from looting you or at least reduce the looting of people the funds, the clinics the colleges. If you don't convince people that through the political process of breaking in and out of parliament today not in 20 years. The other guy says what do I care what happens in 20 years? I can't cope this week. What are you talking about green transition in 2030? Or socialism in 2080? What would you do today? If you have answered that question, my friends, fellow comrades, fellow comrades, then you can radicalize him.

And we come from then to today. Today we are no longer day 25 alone. We have proved what a Unitary Front, a front of the militant Non-Resistance Non-Subversive Left, means. I want to greet the comrades of the Popular Unity who are with us today. I want to bow to the children of ARAS. For winning a proud victory in the student elections, not for us, for you. Because you put your chest forward. To the university police. To the autocracy of the big factions inside the universities, who want to play political games, party games at the expense of the students. You have shown the way to us. We are here to support you and I am very happy to see you here tonight. Because the fight, friends, is a tough one. And we are fighting it on many levels.

Internationalistically with our comrades in Latin America, President Lula of Brazil. The Communist Party of Cuba, with which Day 25 has been twinned a few months ago. The President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of Mexico, who has a message for you when we were in his office just before we left the Presidential Palace he says to me, you have elections with the day 25 do not put down this message to you to the people of Heraklion, as it was in Chania, as it was in Alexandroupolis, as it will be in Patras the day after tomorrow in Thessaloniki and in Athens. At European level yesterday our comrades, our fellow travellers, the day 25 Germany. Participated in the German elections in the state of Bremen. We got a small 2%, one and a half percent, but it is the first time that there is an internationalist movement which is not that it is a sister party. It's the same, with us we ran in Bremen and Heraklion at the same time. Think about it, when has this ever happened before? You have their greetings and love from Bremen and go on the Internet to see the messages. International level, internationalist struggle, pan-European level, European struggle, national level of course.

Of course and obviously. Herculean level. I have here. A, a list. That fills my insides with joy and pride is our list of our Day 25 alliance for rupture candidates in Heraklion County and I'm going to start and ask you to come up on stage one by one. Alphabetically, of course. Marios Dionellis. The man who joined on day 25 in the alliance for rupture and gives us the power, the power of his pen, the power of his word. Dimitris Zographakis who is such a selfless man who is not here today, do you know why he is here today? Because he is working for our Patras event. He is the man who makes all our videos, all our podcasts. He's here in spirit to soul. Dimitris Zographakis we kiss you from Heraklion. Fotini Koutraki. Come on, Fotini. It's a great honor to have you in our cause. George Kriarakis. From the applause alone. I don't need to add anything. George, comrade comrade, welcome. What can I say about Michael Kritsotakis, Michael Christakis. You know him. He needs no introduction from me, Michael, we're moving forward with strength. George Loyadi came the moment the MP of day 25 who broke the establishment in this law after the capitulation of SYRIZA and got the seat in Heraklion prefecture. Apostolos Louloudakis. The comrade who was from the beginning in day 25 of the frontrunners. When we were 5 people who started here. Dominiki Mathioudakis. Dominique from the pioneers the pioneers. On day 25 at DIEM 25 from the first days we formed our movement. George Bougias. Another one of the usual suspects of day 25, and DIEM 25. George it is a great pleasure to welcome you AGAIN to our ballot. Irene Haronitis. The tenacious comrade from the beginning has been fighting for us with us. For the common struggle. And finally, Katerina Hatzaki. Katerina. Katerina, welcome back.

This one here, these ones have an obligation. Next week, plow the law with a smile. Because you know what? Our smiles are the oligarchs, the capitalists, the imperialists, the imperialists, their scum, their horde, our smiles are their terror. So smile and mean it and have a good time because a fight that is fought beautifully is more easily won. Thank you very much. As they are leaving these days I was reminded of something that the great fighter for the freedom of the Indian people, Mahatma Gandhi, had said. Gandhi had said that when you are a danger to the conquerors for the conquerors for the rulers for the haves and the have-nots, the first thing they do that they try is to ignore you at first, hoping that you are like a fly like a horsefly that will go away and leave them alone. The second thing they do when they see that you don't go away, you keep bothering them, is to ridicule you they laugh at you Haha what are they talking about? When that doesn't work either, then they start looking closely. In what way, with what words, with what programs, with what policies, with what politics are you addressing the souls of the people? And they do everything to distort them. Example? The flagship of our country's oligarchic press, the once great Kathimerini. The other day they published two and a half thousand words. Here ask journalists to tell you that two and a half thousand words is an epic. A huge article for a newspaper. They never publish two and a half thousand words to deconstruct Demetra. You see, the debunking didn't work either that they ignored Dimitra, so they recruited a group of what they call a large group of experts from various says sides, namely Stournaras Bank of Greece, no National Bank, no council of economic experts of our under occupied finance ministry from no general accounting department of the state and this under occupied by the troika. And they wrote a scientific text in which they try to show that Demetra cannot work, cannot be implemented, that it is in conflict with the rules of the European Union.

Go to the website of the Day 25 Today Alliance for Rupture and you will see the full response. Not even their distortion will pass. And then, as Gandhi said, Remember what he said first they ignore you then they ridicule you. Third step is to distort you and the fourth step is to bully you. Mr Vangelis Marinakis has instructed the mass deception media, which he owns. To exclude every member, executive, spokesman of the Day 25 alliance for the break. The others speak for us without us. The others are suing our parliamentary representative for speaking the truth from the floor of the House about Mr. Alafuzos, that while the Skaj has painted himself yellow and blue, in the colors of Ukraine, and calling anyone who dares to speak about the obvious that a peace process is needed to stop the war, to stop killing Ukrainians Russians in perpetuity, Putinaki. Not to mention the people starving to death in Africa because of the increase in fertilizer prices due to the increase in agricultural products. We are being called Poutinakia by our shki, while Alafouzos with his tankers along with Vardinoyannis' tankers, to mention another Cretan name here. Together with Marinakis' tankers they are carrying 65% of Putin's oil out here offshore between Crete and the Peloponnese, transferring it from one tanker to another to hide the fact that it is Russian oil. They dare to smear us as faggots and when we say it in the plenary of the Parliament, Kleonas, what do they do? They sue Cleon, which this idiot, think what kind of news is this? That you have a canal owner shipowner suing a representative of a parliamentary representative of a parliamentary party. Isn't that news in the face of all the nonsense they write? None of them have written it none of them would have reported it. It is a form of bullying. First Marinakis starts calling our party and telling Cleon Grigoriadis don't send him to a TV election panel send someone else choose a political opponent from within our party if possible. Good journalist of the New, he asked me for an interview he had interviewed me many times before. I will not mention the name now you know, a very good journalist. I answered it, I sat down for a whole day and honored his questions with very serious answers, the man thanks me. Thank you very much. Tomorrow morning it will be published. We hear that he was instructed by Marinakis not to dare to publish Varoufakis' interview. Then Michael Kritharidis. Before Eric Edman he was our press spokesman now he is a candidate in Thessaloniki, he gets a phone call at the last minute from Mega don't come order from above. Today they had booked Kriton Arsenis for election night. They called him, you will not be invited. It's a form of bullying.

But they don't just stall on these. The other day in Kypseli in Athens. The great Mr Mitsotakis was there with his cortege of policemen, his guard. And two things happened. The first is that a comrade of ours, Dimitris, a member of Popular Unity and of course of the Mera 25 alliance for rupture, went to the Mera 25 alliance for rupture stand and Mitsotakis' henchmen threw him against the railings, trampled him and then had a plainclothes policeman arrest him and take him to the police station. At the same time, Mr Mitsotakis walked past the PASOK SYRIZA election booths, greeted them very civilized in that nice style. So they all greeted him and then he goes to the Mera 25 booth. And that's where our comrade put the glasses on me. Allow me a self-criticism. Because of my urban residue, I would have shaken his hand. I would do it with a cold heart, but I would do it, I would shake his hand. The comrade, he didn't shake his hand. I take my hat off to her because she put the glasses on me. Good for her. It's very important that we evolve together. And I close the reference to Mahatma Gandhi said first you are ignored then you are vilified then you are distorted then you are bullied at some point you win, but to win you need a break.

We need a break with their lie, we need a break with their whole false, polite, supposedly civilized system, which at the same time as it is looting people, trampling people, injuring students in universities, abolishing the national health system, abolishing the institution of the full-time, full-time doctor. At the same time that they are signing up for mining that will rape nature without any economic benefit for the Greek people, at the same time that they have created that dream of Hercules, the secondary market of red loans. Which will not only throw a million and a half people out on the street, but will take 70 billion to take to the Cayman Islands. At a time when none of them dare to whisper that they will abolish an energy exchange that is nothing more than the Vardinoyannis, Peristeri, Mytilineos, Latsis and CVC cartel of a predatory hedgefund from London, along with Macquarie, a predatory Australian bank that has taken over Deddeus. Not a word even from some supposed progressives who say they will nationalise the PPC. Yes, the small PPC. The small one that was in public hands until last year you saw no difference between now and then unless you abolish the energy exchange unless you abolish Hercules with the red loans unless you abolish it in the Superfund. On the demitra, one of the great criticisms they have of the demitra is that it has not been implemented, it says nowhere else in Europe because you guys have implemented the Super Fund? Do you know of any country that has a super fund, not in Europe, in the whole planet, not only today, but never. What is a super fund? The Troika gave orders to Tsakalotos and Tsipras to create a superfund as if they were superman, and in which we will put all the public property that they have not already sold off. Okay, that in itself is not a tragedy you make a supposed public entity that puts in all public property into. Yeah, who do you give the keys to? It has a President appointed by the troika and it has a Vice President appointed by the troika and it has a statute that says without the Vice President and without the President it makes no decisions. In other words, we are the only country on the planet that in the history of mankind has officially by decision, by vote, by legislation of our House of Representatives, their House of Representatives, right? Their majority of the memorandum parties handed over the keys to all public property to foreign powers. Not even the Wehrmacht did that. Hitler didn't do that either.

And since they were talking about her, even the British Empire never thought of doing that with India, when it was a colony of India. We are not just a colony. We are a debtor colony whose political establishment acts as placeholders for foreign powers. It is no coincidence that Skurchos comes out and says slowly now that we will continue to claim German reparations, of course put on a German uniform Mr Skurchos and say it with a German accent pesto and German to be more understandable to your audience, which of course is not in Greece, it is in Berlin. I wonder Mr Tsipras when he went to get the anointing from Mr Solts of recently to say afterwards what are you talking about partnerships with Baroufakis and Day 25 alliance for the break. I went to Solts when you went to Solts Mr. Tsipras, did you say anything to him about German reparations? You want to bet he didn't say a word? All he asked for was the holy water. From Olaf Scholz or from a man who represents a historical social democratic party which has ceased to be social democratic since the 1990s, which is responsible for the plundering of the German proletariat, as a result of the policies. You know, austerity was not brought to Germany by Merkel and Schäuble, it was brought by Steinmeier, it was brought by the Social Democrats, by Schröder before them and then by Steinmeier. This social democratic party, that is, the PASOK of Germany, because who also tied us hand and foot to the Memoranda, Mr Androulakis, if Andreas Papandreou sees you from where he is, he is cursing you as we speak.

We are not going to fight over the legacy of Andreas Papandreou. We let Androulakis and Tsipras fight over the word change. Which of course they have added 2 letters before change. The only thing they care about is becoming ministers and prime ministers. We are here for the people, not the offices. We're here for rupture, not for change. We are here because with a break everything can be different. What we mean by everything can be different. Tomorrow morning a government of day 25 alliance for rupture now you will tell me what you are saying? Comrades comrades, fellow travellers. Raise the pace of hope of optimism, because all great things start from 3% from 4% from 5%. All great things, all that can be different starts on 21 May. It's not enough to say it, it's not enough to talk about the rupture. You have to have a government program. Is there another one that has a government program like that of the Day 25 coalition for the break?

He said another euphemism of Mr Skertzos and Mr Mitsotakis. Because he says you're not going, he says all the parties should take our programmes to the general accounting office of the state, to the Bank of Greece, that is, to the Troika. To cost us. Look, we are philanthropists. We will not do that to them, because if we take our economic and social programme to the Bank of Greece, people will have a stroke. We don't want them to die suddenly. So because with the NHS, the way they've got it, they may not have the health care they should have. Why would they have a stroke? They'll see the first thing we're going to do is introduce Demetra which is a digital transaction system that saves you 2 billion a year in fees that bankers won't get, is that going to be priced by Bank of Greece? He doesn't dare do it, they'll fire John Paulson who has taken over Piraeus because who do you think the Bank of Greece bosses are? Frankfurt and common criminal law types like John Paulson will cut their salaries. The foreign exchange, as we used to say as students abroad. Where we talk about the energy exchange, you know that in 2022 alone the Mitsotakis government borrowed five and a half billion five and a half billion to give the subsidy to Vardinoyannis, to Latsis to Peristeri, to Mytilineos, to CVC, five and a half billion, you know what five and a half billion is, it's a lot of numbers.

Yes, let me tell you, it's what the Greek government gives to the national health system. What we gave for the national health system. We gave them the oligarchs the moneyed actions, if the neo-democrats, the popular right, the people of the shops, the people of the breadwinner who vote as they voted in the 20s and 30s popular right with the ERE, then New Democracy. These people who are the main victims of the new democracy, the main victims of Kyriakos Mitsotakis, the main victims of the Troika, if they knew it, they would have risen up that everything that goes to the national health system is the money that they gave, they gave, we are not talking about something that the general accountant of the state, the Bank of Greece will admit that we will save five and a half billion from the state budget because we will not give it to those who do not need it. Of course, they will say it or they will say it and they will have a stroke and then they will be fired, they will lose their jobs in a day if they do such a costing. When we talk about cutting VAT from 24% to 15%, you know what they do? They say fine. So, it will reduce by 9% the total amount the state receives from 24 15. If they were first-year students in their first semester at university and they were saying such nonsense, we would have cut them off. It's like telling a store here that if you drop your price 9% you will sell the same. It won't sell more. There's a shopkeeper who doesn't understand that when you drop the price you sell more. The Troika, the Bank of Greece, New Democracy, SYRIZA and PASOK pretend that the demand for anyone who has suffered economically the demand for goods and services is completely inelastic. This goose for insulin can. When someone needs insulin they will get a certain amount no matter how much they do in the shops it is not true. So they will price on the basis of inelastic demand just to prove it. That we will lose billions nonsense they have calculated the VAT tax avoidance we will save because? We are human beings and most of us are not snipe hunters. They don't want to feel bad when they trade in the black, they would rather trade with receipts and normally, but they don't. When they don't have one the pensioners, the people who live on minimum wage and you put 24% VAT on it and the shop knows that if they don't sell it black the shop itself will go out of business and the shop will be taken over by the fan predators. Q. There will be a transaction under the table. Do you know how much the Greek government would save if we reduced VAT? They know if you ask Staikouras, Tsakalotos and he doesn't have a microphone in front of him, he doesn't have a microphone in front of him. On a personal level I know because I have done it. You nonsense no 24% VAT? They should not fall of course. And why don't you? It doesn't leave us. Who won't let you? The troika. Didn't you get rid of the troika? Like hell they did.

Friends, fellow travellers, comrades of SYRIZA. Syriza. Did you see? Did you see what happens to a man if he is burned? Do you know what it means to have joined Syriza, to have believed in it, to have given your best? To have reached the point of trusting your comrades with your life. To enter the Eurogroup, to give to the fight for the good of all. And to realize that your own comrades go to Draghi and tell him don't listen to him, we'll work it out. I have my wounds like all of us, but now is the day of celebration because the no which has been in the parliament 4 years ago with the day 25 alliance for the break is gigantic and not only gigantic, but having proven. What left unity means in practice. What it means to be able to put aside any bitterness of the past, as we did on Day 25, with a number of left-wing non-aligned people with whom our paths had parted with Stathis Kouvelakis, Kostas Lapavitsas and people like Christos Laskos in Thessaloniki. Especially with the comrades of popular unity with the children of ARAS. What do we achieve from May 22nd? The foundation of the new great left of the new great selfless disobedient disobedient disobedient left, which has a governmental plan for all issues, not only for VAT, not only for the red loans which we will replace with consolidated deposits of our people who are currently humiliated by the services, humiliated by the funds with the public company for the management of red loans, Odysseus, not only will we abolish the Superfund and the public property will be transferred to become the capital base of a new development bank and at the same time a new agricultural bank, which was broken into pieces and given first to Sallas' Piraeus and then to John Paulson's Piraeus. Our policy on deliberative councils of conscripts and elected citizens so that we can answer the question of young people, because the question young people have been asking me for years is twofold.

Young people come and say to me, John, who will protect us from capital? The answer is the state. The laws banning the hiring companies. And then they come up with the second question. And who will protect us from the state? The answer, the advisory councils of conscripts and elected citizens. Imagine a judiciary where supreme court justices are not appointed by the prime minister. They are not appointed by other supreme judges, but by an advisory council of clerical judges of all ranks from the lowest to the highest. Imagine a single public utility. Which is socialized because the Board of Directors is appointed by an advisory council of clerks and elected citizens. Imagine a Greek Railway Organisation. Preventing the crime of Tempi, which was the result of the breaking of the infrastructure on the one hand and the trains on the other and the privatisation of the one by a bankrupt Italian state and the other by a failed Greek state, the creation of a public railway organisation that should come to Crete to build a state-of-the-art high-speed railway from Chania to Sitia. This will create jobs. That means a green transition. This means technology transfer to Crete, not the pharaonic motorways and the castle that destroys an entire region, so that when I come from Athens to Heraklion it takes me half an hour an hour longer to get there this is progress only for the predators of SYRIZA to eat the predators of New Democracy to eat the predators of PASOK, to eat the predators of local government, which has been reduced to what it has been reduced to, we will talk about them after the elections before the local elections in October. The last time she was here we went to Arkalochori, where we learned that 22 houses that were crumbling because of the earthquake had been targeted by an Irish fund based in Cayman Island.

And then Mitsotakis wonders why Cretans don't vote for him? It's very simple, Kyriakos, because we know you because we know you are from our part of the world because we know the Mitsotakis family because we know the Vardinoyannis family because we know the Kefalogiannis family because we know who you are and we know what you have been doing since 1965 until today in the junta before the junta after the junta. That is why the people of this island are blackening you. Of our Crete and that is why I feel so good to be here tonight. You know, right-wing people, right-wing people come and tell me with what you say you might not come home at night. Right-wing people come and tell me if we live in the shadow of fear we don't deserve to have the next day dawn on us. The day 25 alliance for rupture we are here fearlessly naming them because comrades of Antarsya, comrades of the KKE know that Vardinoyannis, Mitsotakis, Alafouzos, Mytilineos when they hear your very nice speeches about the importance of the transition from capitalism to socialism to communism, when they hear or see your pamphlets talking about how we must move to new forms of production and distribution of income on the basis of central planning. I read these and my heart is gladdened and I want to talk with you. I said it to Zaraliko, when he asked me to whom you would talk, to whom you would put a question, I said to Koutsouba come we will come and talk about socialism. But when Mytilineos, Vardinoyannis and Mitsotakis listen to the parties, the small parties, we are all small pieces of the left, talking about communism and socialism, they don't mind. He says to you okay fine let them say when Vardinoyannis is listening to the Day 25 alliance for the break Vardinoyannis is saying what Vardinoyannis is doing with his tankers the smuggling that he has been doing for years when he hears Alafouzos, Marinakis, Mytilineos, Peristeri to explain exactly the mechanisms by which they plunder, which are not capitalist mechanisms, they are feudal mechanisms, they are mechanisms that the Sicilian mafia understands very well. A stockbroker in New York will be rubbing his eyes. He tells them how do you do this? That's what the KKE will get: the Baroufakis is with the New York brokers, no, my dear, I'm not with the New York brokers, I'm just saying that here the forms of exploitation and plunder are pre-capitalist, they are totally vulgar, they are primitive, they are mafioso, as is the energy stock exchange.

I say it and I say it again, Thatcher was a socialist in front of Syriza. Which put the energy stock market in place, let me explain so you don't think I'm going too far. How did Thatcher persuade the British people in 1980 to privatise the British PPP? They had no problem with their PPP. They had a perfectly good power company. So the British Central Electricity Generating Bolt. That was the name of the PPP in Britain, Thatcher goes and says to the people, look at this, I've got an idea. Watch with them it says what is the price of a kilowatt hour that we pay today 20? I'm putting a number on it now. So it comes out to 20 then, look at this, I'm going to make I'm going to legislate that the price of a kilowatt hour will never go over 20, when. Eternally. I'm going to privatise the PPC, break it up into pieces, give pieces to private individuals, get other private individuals to build power plants and distribution plants and create a false market between them. And if the price because of this competition that I build drops below 20 what do you care? Of course everyone said even workers and leftists. Of course we don't mind why should we mind if the price goes down? He's put, plate, he's made an energy exchange and he's put a cap on it. Our people. The luminaries, George Stathakis, my former friend, my former colleague at the universities, my partner in government was on the top floor above me in the Syntagma Square building, I was in the sixth Ministry of Finance, he was in the seventh Ministry of Development and Growth. What did George do with Alexis? They set up an energy exchange without a cap, without the cap that Thatcher put on it because they said, "But the market is self-regulating and we'll all eat with golden spoons. Isn't that what Stathakis was telling us? No cap. Now look. To believe that the market is self-regulating, you have to be a gaga neoliberal. But you can't get more neoliberal than that, Thatcher didn't believe it, so she put a cap on it. They, you know, don't want to be reduced to luminaries, they didn't think of the energy exchange. The energy exchange was brought to them from Brussels and I said yes to everything, like they said to red loans, like we are against 24% VAT like they said to 100% prepayment of shop tax. Here these shops that we see this year will have to pay not only this year's tax but also the tax that the aadeh says they will have to pay next year. Yes, SYRIZA said to all of them. That's what the worse than Thatcher tells you about. Firstly, Thatcher would not take orders from Brussels. Second she didn't cap you guys and this is coming from someone who spent my youth 10 years in every I didn't miss march against Thatcher while I lived in England I didn't miss picket line in 1984 it's etched black in my guts because that was the year the miners the National Union of Mineworkers fought that heroic battle against Thatcher. We were on the pickets every day from Kent to Northampton to Nottingham fighting against Thatcher. So I say to you that Thatcher was more socialist than Syriza.

So they say to me, you guys find them. Find them. Let's take down Cooly, that's not what you're telling us on the streets, some of you are not, you're here to be here, you're conscious, many of you, the most passers-by. Look at the time Kyriakos leaves Maximus, we're all going to have a party. Is there any doubt about that? But we are on the left. What does it mean that we are left? We don't personify politics. We understand that the system does not rely on Mitsotakis to expand the existing Mitsotakism, we want to bring down both Mitsotakis and the existing Mitsotakism, which will not go away if Mitsotakis simply leaves. I want you to put me in the box, put me in the box with all your goodwill, if we do not abolish the energy exchange, if I do not abolish Heracles, if they do not abolish the Hyperfund, if I do not transfer public property to a development bank, if I do not abolish the institution of hired labour for both young and old. If we do not establish the Demeter to stop our people being wasted 2 billion a year by the bankers. To have a digital state of the art payment system free of charge, not controlled by Frankfurt. The occupying forces of this serfdom, if I don't do this. What will I do? Make nice speeches? Which will do what, humiliate the name of breakthrough, humiliate the name of the left, humiliate all of you.

And now various former comrades of SYRIZA are coming and saying, "Come on, Yannis, let's come and form a government on Monday morning if the pine cones come out. Look what they have been telling us for 2 years now: Fine, we don't believe you after 15 we have no confidence in you, but despite that because we respect the simple proportional representation, we love the simple proportional representation. Do we want simple proportional representation? We respect it and we will try to honour it. We will sit around a table with you in the run-up to the elections so that we have time to say: Mr Tsipras. Mr Stathakis, Mrs Katseli, you say protection of the main residence and we say it. Let us see exactly what we mean? What are you going to do? We have read their programme. Without having agreed beforehand, they put it out, so we had a workshop on our Odysseus plan to replace Hercules. A year and a half ago. We invited them to a workshop in the technopolis, at the gas station in Athens. They didn't come. They didn't even come to a workshop, if that's possible and even the META of the centre of post-capitalist culture, which is not even a day so that they are not exposed to be close to day 25, and they didn't come anyway, we read what they are saying now about the main house, they say we will do, we will issue, they say a legislative act, in which they say we will put a moratorium on auctions, they say for a few months and then what happens? We're going to have auctions all together. Because if you put them in if you abolish the auctions, the funds will go bankrupt. That's what we're going to do, we're going to abolish the auctions so that the funds will go bankrupt to abolish the Hercules market. That's a first time break.

They will not abolish Hercules. Alexis Tsipras made it clear. We will cut the loans, he says. To the funds. Watch out this says 50% to see what the buisness plan of a fund is right now. The buisness plan of a fund right now is this. It gets the loan of 100,000. It has bought it with 3K, it takes it with 3 3 gives it 3K so it has the right to legally claim 100 from you. He knows he won't get 100 because if you had it you would have given it to the bank. Like you can give 100. That's why the loan is in the red, because you can't give. He expects to get 50. It's bad; he'll have given 30, he'll have made a profit of 47, Is there such a profit rate in capitalism in New York is there in Singapore, is there in Shanghai is there? Where is there such a profit rate? Neither in Kenya, nor in Ghana where foreign multinationals are stealing the world, they don't make such profit rates. Not even in Khartoum. Well done and say Khartoum with you. So they will make 70 billion in the Cayman Islands and by the way, check this out. Exporting foreign exchange when they get the money out to the Cayman Islands will not be illegal. They won't pay a penny of tax. And it's not illegal for them to take all that money out and put it in Cayman Islands, it's in the county and not only that you know they've signed the majority in the House have legislated that we've ensured them a minimum they'll get 70, but we've ensured them a minimum profitability of 23 billion this broken bankrupt state. This broken, bankrupt society. It has promised 23 billion to the predatory funds, that is, if an example of Syriza comes out and abolishes auctions forever, it will not do it, but at least. This government will have to go to the troika to borrow the 23 billion for 23 billion is not in the funds, it will have to go and borrow the 23 billion to give it to the funds. That's what we would tell them around the table, guys, how do we do that? Yes it can be done it can't be done and protect the primary residence the small businesses the farm land that is red because it is intertwined as collateral within red loans it can't be done and protect those and not give 23 billion to the predatory funds and not abolish Hercules. Do you understand why they never came to talk to us? They did not answer this ashes in the eyes of the Greek people, they throw ashes in the eyes of the Greek people when they say that they will protect the main main main house and will not abolish Hercules. They will protect households and homes and shops from electricity bills and they will not abolish the energy exchange. These things don't go together. Either one or the other or you keep Hercules and you keep The Energy Exchange or you protect people, you protect shops, you protect workers, you protect households and both are not done when you say they are done you submit another Thessaloniki program that requires a break with the Troika that you have pledged to never do in other words you are lying incessantly repeatedly and continuously.

So, fellow comrades, let us be clear when you tell us when they tell us to come after Sunday, Monday 22 May, to form a government, do you know what they tell us? We tell you lies. They demand that the leaders of SYRIZA demand that I stand on this platform, look at our people here in Heraklion and lie to your faces, that is to say, tell you to vote for us for the break. Vote for us to abolish the energy exchange, vote for us to move VAT from 24 to 15%. Vote for us to abolish the Super Fund and transfer public assets to a development and agricultural bank. Vote to abolish Hercules and replace them with Odysseus. Vote for me on all these things and I will go on Monday morning and make Tsipras Prime Minister so that he does none of these things. Well no, they didn't get slaughtered, I'm not going to tell you that and I'm not going to do that on Monday morning. Because we the Cretans and the false Cretans. We know all too well that the only way to be patriotic is to be internationalist. The only way to be an internationalist is to be a true patriot, because you can only love the whole world if you have loved your country, as Kazantzakis used to say.

Our Crete is a base for the American army, as is our Alexandroupolis. Which according to the former ambassador of the United States, Mr. Pyatt, who thanked Mr. Tsipras for pointing out Alexandroupolis to him because he hadn't thought of it and thanked him because this has never happened before in the history of post-war Greece, usually what did they do? The Americans come and say this is what I want in Souda, they came, they said we want it. And the others said of course, General, what do you want? Do you want anything else? This is the first time that a Greek Prime Minister of the Radical Left went and said to the American ambassador and said look at a small port that we have there in Thrace, Alexandroupolis. It's good for you. Take it and he comes back after 3 years and says thank you. It was a very good idea, we took it. And right now it's a base for the American army in the war in Ukraine. We know the day 25 alliance for rupture, like DIEM 25, like the progressive international with our fellow travelers and our comrades worldwide. We are not afraid of presenting a dialectically complex position. Of saying neither Putin nor NATO. We are a movement of nonaligned and being nonaligned does not mean neutral; we are on the side of any people who are being invaded, whether it is Ukraine, whether it is Palestine, whether it is Yemen, whether it is Iraq, whether it is Afghanistan, whether it is Greece or Cyprus. Every country that every people that is being invaded, we are with them. Without a second thought I went out and called Putin a war criminal since 2001. It is because in 2001 he killed 250,000 Chechens to establish his presidency in Moscow. Jeremy Corbyn and I were outside High Park at the time, Jeremy and I and another man. 3 sad protesters because Putin was coming on an official visit to London with Tony Blair as Prime Minister Tony Blair all these supposedly civilised far right centrists. They rolled out the red carpet for him to do business with after he had killed 250,000 Chechens.

We did not mince our words then or now, but at the same time we will not agree with NATO's stance, which is war for ever until the last ounce of the Ukrainian people in favour of a NATO framework aimed at maintaining Europe's dependence. Because the war in Ukraine is of no concern to the Americans. Do you know what they do care? That the European Union does not exist. There is no European Union. Imagine for a moment that a peace process is starting, I wish I could knock on wood. We know that Zelensky will represent Ukraine. Putin in Moscow. Biden, if he's alive by then, will represent the United States of America. The European Union, who will represent it? There are the Poles or the Estonians, the Estonians, the Lithuanians, the Finns, the Swedes and the Danes do not want Solts and Macron. Veto got Solts and Macron out of the way. And who will the Estonian go? We don't even know his name he doesn't have one. What will he put us in one in a war process? All the rest of the Europeans? The European Union has abolished itself. I mentioned Gandhi before whenever I am asked my opinion about the European Union, you know, I tell them? I remember something Gandhi said when he was asked. What is your opinion, Mr Gandhi, of British, of British culture, of British civilisation, of British culture? India was then under the British Empire. So they asked him what was your view of British civilization? British civilization. And Gandhi turns around with his very nice English accent and says. It would be a very, very good idea.

That's how I think about the European Union, when they say what is your view of the European Union? We are internationalists. It would be a great idea, we don't have a European Union, we have a cartel of big business, banks, loan sharks, oligarchs, who are squeezing every single people in the European Union into austerity brought to us as a dress rehearsal to go to Ireland, Portugal, Spain, Italy, Italy, France and eventually Germany. These are complicated things, because the journalists of the establishment and unfortunately the rest of the left say to you, are you for or against the European Union? Are you with Putin, are you with NATO? I am not with anybody. I am with no one with the people of Ukraine or with the people of Russia or with the people of Germany. I am with the people of Nigeria and the people of Greece and Putin and NATO are the same syndicate, as we used to say about the EEC and NATO. And you know what? I think our people have the acumen and the experience. And the historical knowledge to understand that and you will see that.

So because as another intellectual said, Oscar Wilde will never happen if the meetings and events of the left go on until midnight. I'll let you go, say goodbye and tell you that the real campaigning starts Sunday night. What we're doing today, you know what it is; warming up. Warm-up rehearsal for what? Mitsotakis and Tsipras are going to burn the simple proportional representation. It's a sure thing, and from Monday morning we start from Sunday night we'll be on the channels on whichever one they put us on, not on Mega. On whichever channels they dare to put us on even for 2 minutes, we will tell them that now begins the struggle for the first rupture. Now we will give everything for the break, because everything can be different. Thank you very much, we are moving on.