First of all, I want to thank you for the warm welcome and wish you all good strength and good health, as we have a difficult time ahead of us. Unfortunately, the hard times are not over as some people promised us. We will face difficulties, but we are all here together as one to confront them. A united people, a strong people, and a stronger JCP can truly work wonders.

Because we have a place, a homeland, and a region here, especially Fthiotida, which is very rich with enormous productive potential that unfortunately is not being exploited. They are not exploited for the benefit of the people, the workers, the farmers, the professionals, the youth, and the pensioners who have worked all their lives and finally want to enjoy the years of the rest of their lives. You see pensions being constantly reduced, and the benefits of the ESAS being cut one after the other repeatedly by all governments.

And I wanted to address you here, especially because the elections on June 25th are being held under a very unfair, I would say predatory electoral law. In the previous elections on May 21st, we elected a deputy in Fthiotida after many years. We can do it again, only because the electoral law is unfair and the first party. That's why Mitsotakis is redoing the election, not because he couldn't find 5 MPs he was missing to make a majority or to make a partnership with another party. It's to steal votes, to have self-reliance, to have a strong government, and to basically do what he wants in the parliament. Because a majority can pass unpopular measures, pass laws without resistance, without reaction. Of course, it has support from the other parties. Unfortunately, in the past four years, SYRIZA, for example, which was the official opposition, voted for half of the bills that were not good, they were unpopular, 200 bills in number that the New Democracy government passed. PASOK voted for 70% of the bills, even more than Syriza. That's why we say that they can find common programs and not plague the people, the country, and the economy and drag us into successive elections. They could agree on another 200.

350 is a precondition for the European Union's Recovery Fund. Mitsotakis has now admitted that this new memorandum, which he previously denied was a memorandum, is actually a super-memorandum. Once again, the Greek people are paying for it with laws and preconditions. He claims that he is not giving them to us, but rather lending to us, but we will pay for them again. The Greek debt will be included in the Greek debt, and we will pay again as a people with taxes. In order to receive this money, we must pass these laws, which harm farmers, professionals, workers, youth, and pensioners, as they are taxed. He wants to put taxes in place to pay off the loan.

And you know that 95% of both direct and indirect taxes are paid out of pocket by the Greek working people. It is not paid by the wealthy individuals. The wealthy only pay 5%. In other words, those who have millions and billions and do not know what they have in Greece and abroad pay only 5%. There are tax breaks for shipowners. SYRIZA, New Democracy, and PASOK have given 50 tax breaks to shipowners. There are tax breaks for the shipowner, industrialist, and banker, but none for the working people or farmers.

From this point of view, we are saying that in order to prevent new anti-people measures, new taxes, new cuts, and to increase wages, pensions, and do a series of things that are necessary for the Greek people to increase their income, make the farmer live better, produce here in this society, and have a decent income for their family, we need to strengthen the force in Parliament that we believe and have proven to be the KKE, the ones who can impose solutions and win for the workers.

And to address a number of issues together, of course, with the struggle that we have to undertake, because the struggle is not only in the House. So, what are you voting for? What bills and amendments are you making? What proposals are you making? The struggle is out there, and mostly it's out there in the day-to-day struggles, in the pressure that's going on. You saw what they accomplished in a number of places. The day before yesterday, they succeeded with the 48-hour strike in the shipbuilding zone in the shipyard in Praga because they had one dead and two crippled workers again. They succeeded in making the collective agreement compulsory, which the workers had signed in 2017 with the support of the KKE. And they did not recognize it as compulsory in 2017, neither the SYRIZA government that was until 2019, nor after four years the government of the New Democracy. And now, with the 48-hour strike and what happened, they have to mourn another dead worker there; it became compulsory. They did it, but it was the KKE there. It was workers' unions that showed solidarity with them, it was their own struggle, it was the communist deputies who were there.

Only in the last few days, we have managed to cancel dozens of auctions and evictions from the homes of workers who cannot pay the banks and tax authorities, and who are at risk of having their homes confiscated and being evicted. We have also helped shopkeepers who are in debt due to the constant burden of paying taxes and other issues. Through the mobilization of other Workers' Party MPs, we have successfully cancelled these auctions and arranged favorable solutions.

You are aware that we have proposals for the prefecture of Fthiotida, as well as for the region as a whole and for all of Greece. These proposals concern the tax system, income, and workers, including farmers.

For example, the issue of relieving farmers and developing agricultural production in the agricultural economy, where we have wealth in Greece due to our arable land. We have many resources, yet the agricultural sector is constantly dwindling. This is because there is no policy to support small and struggling organic farmers. We need a change in the ELGA regulation and compensation at 100% of the damage. Agricultural production has risks such as diseases, hail, snow, and other problems, but compensation is necessary and must be paid at 100% of production. There must be lower guaranteed prices and measures taken that do not harm agricultural production.

We now have arable land throughout Greece, including this region where they are planting photovoltaics. We are not saying not to use the sun, as Greece has plenty of it. Of course, renewable energy sources such as photovoltaics and wind turbines should be utilized. But where? Where will these wind farms be built? You cannot destroy crops or forests haphazardly, as it benefits private investors who want to make more profit by building roads in the forest, cutting down trees, and installing these structures. Wind turbines, for example, have a lifespan of 20 years. What happens to the carcass after that? It must be torn down, which involves a significant amount of cement and other materials. Wires are installed, roads are built, and destruction occurs, all for no benefit. Cheap electricity is not available to families simply because we have wind turbines and photovoltaics.

And other domestic energy sources are not being exploited. They took this wealth that we have, the lignite, and they destroyed it. They shut down plants. We are now stuck with natural gas, which would be cheaper. We warned them because the rivalries are great. NATO and Russia are now fighting in Ukraine, and you saw what happened there. Gas prices went up and they stopped. There was an embargo on Russia by NATO countries, European countries, and the Americans. Greece is also involved in this conflict. We went back to lignite again. Lignite is both a cheap medium and can be exploited. We have ready labor, technical manpower, and infrastructure, including factories in Ptolemaida. Lignite is available in large quantities and can be exploited by taking measures to protect the environment. This is the twenty-first century. Science has reached great heights, so we can technologically solve and protect the environment.

Other sources of energy are not being exploited. For example, they have installed wind turbines and photovoltaics to invest in renewable and green energy, but they have neglected hydroelectricity. Greece has many rivers, lakes, and abundant water resources that could be used for hydroelectric projects. This would make electricity cheaper and more accessible, reducing energy poverty. Additionally, Greece has an important geothermal field due to its seismic activity, with five thermal springs in Fthiotida alone. However, these resources are not being utilized for thermal tourism or to benefit local communities. Geothermal energy could be harnessed to power homes and agricultural production in areas such as Kamena Vourla, the plain of Spercheios, Platystomo, Hypati, Kaitsa, Thermopylae, and Istria. Geothermal energy is an important and viable source of energy.

We are not saying that Greece doesn't have productive potential or wealth. The question is how it is exploited, who has the power, who owns the property, and whose interests are being served. If every elected government and the parties they represent serve the few - the bankers, shipowners, and industrialists - the result is a decline in the working people's standard of living. Promises are made, but where is the tax-free threshold for professionals? Our proposal and others in the House were not voted for, but with more power, we could have forced it through. We propose a tax-free threshold of 12,000 for both farmers and professionals, increasing for each child in the family, and it should be tax-free now so that the man doesn't pay.

They are squeezing us and they say, now: we will find 5-7 companies that have excess profits and we will tax them and Mitsotakis and Tsipras and Androulakis are saying this. Which ones will you tax? They are saying 5-7 companies for excess profits and to leave out the 150 companies listed on the stock exchange, which had a 303% increase in profits last year alone. We are talking about billions of euros, that is profits. And the workers in these companies or society in general do not enjoy anything from these billions of the 150 main shareholders and not only that, but the shareholders, the dividends of the shareholders in these companies cut taxes more. Remember it was 15 the tax rate, 15% tax on the shares in the companies on the stock exchange, these big ones. And then Syriza, they made it 10%, don't upset the big industries, the big shareholders. He lowered it. Then the new democracy in turn makes it 5%. It's 5% now. Let them pay and we don't know what they pay.

Anyway, that is not the end of this story or this conversation. It only begins now. We are saying that the 26 Members of Parliament given to us by the Greek people, who gave us an electoral system that was fairer than the previous one, must be kept and increased. This means that, on the basis of this electoral law, both the votes and the percentages must be increased so that we can get these Members of Parliament. Otherwise, the first party gets a bonus and steals from us. That means that with the same percentage, if we get the 427,000 votes, that is to say, that we got nationwide, it can steal from us the bonus that it gets around 5 MPs and we can get 20, 21, 19 depending... And you understand that that is going to be negative for the people themselves. It is not going to be for the party. We, with 15 MPs and with 20 and with 25 and with 30 in the front line of the struggle, will be in the Parliament and outside the Parliament to defend the interests of the people. We will do everything in our power to do so. But when we are stronger, you will feel stronger yourselves. That is, the people themselves will become stronger if the KKE becomes stronger.

That is why we call on those of you who have done it before, who have voted for the KKE, whether here in the new monastery, in the province of Domokou, in Fthiotida or elsewhere, to do it again. Don't neglect to go, especially the youth. Don't say, "Where should I go to vote again now?" because the problem of abstention exists. Everyone should go and vote, and those who hesitated or thought about it but did not vote in the last election should do it now.

To say that I will give a vote to KKE, so that I can have a representative in Fthiotida, so that they have more representatives, so that I can have them next to me tomorrow, and we know that what we promise, we do it now, looking you in the eye. We do not say one thing in Parliament, another thing in the office, and another thing at demonstrations and mobilizations. We are straightforward and honest about these things. So, thank you.