In conclusion, I would like to say a few words about the Turkish elections. Today we have elections in Turkey. I do not know what the result will be. You are dealing with a regime, Erdoganism is a regime, let's not kid ourselves. It is not a constitution, but it is a regime. Here Greece is in danger of having a Mitsotakis regime. With everything that has happened in recent months and years, but especially with Turkey, we should not be under any illusions. Either
Davutoglu doctrine, or Erdogan's doctrine of ism or Kemalism, Turkey's chauvinism is self-evident. Never has Turkey, even since the Kemal era, stopped at its borders. For decades now it has been eating up neighbouring territories. Turkey's objective, as evidenced by its choice of navy, is the sea. Unfortunately, for our country, the Aegean is the apple of discord. If some people believe that if Kilicdaroglu comes out or if Erdogan comes out we will have peace, they are sadly mistaken, just like the Prime Minister, who was recently told by Erdogan that I hope he will implement what he himself committed to me. To this day he has still not told us what the Prime Minister has committed himself to. The Prime Minister's secret diplomacy has since been denounced by the Greek solution and today we are confirmed. We therefore call on Mr Dendias and the Prime Minister to either deny Erdogan or tell us what they agreed with Erdogan. This behaviour cannot be justified. And also to say specifically about the Kemalists. It is the worst thing in human civilization, Kemalism. Period, full stop; whoever understands understands; whoever doesn't understand, doesn't understand, and what I want to say is that the story doesn't end in Turkey, so. It doesn't end easily, Turkey is a deeply divided society. With structures of Erdoğanism in the Army Guard with structures of Erdoğanism in the Army They have fled Kemalist and the rest have left only the Islamists. Which is too difficult to eradicate all of them. Only target prison in Turkey is about 150,000 heavily armed military. They are not gendarmes. So let's not be under any illusions, and I say this very seriously, because some people are under illusions.