But the principle is simple. We want public services and public goods to come out of what we call the public domain. Consultative councils of conscripts and elected citizens. Shall I give you an example? Media. What is being done and we all take it for granted. And SYRIZA does it SYRIZA made it legal, we have 5 channels, 5 frequencies and they do, it says auction auction auction, as if you're selling artwork for the frequencies. Who will buy the frequencies in an auction auction, you oligarchs will buy the frequencies, you can buy a frequency, you who are here of the media of the Kavala region, you can buy a nationwide frequency, no. Vardinoyannis will buy it. Pigeon will buy it and why will he buy it? He cares about your information, no, he cares about one thing, that you don't know what he's doing. Don't find out what he is doing to have journalists who will lose their wages If they tell you what Peristeris, Giannis, Mytilinios is doing to beesanides and Alafouzos. So no more auctions for the frequencies. Each frequency to be given to a cooperative company that is governed by a discretionary body. In other words, there should be programming. We want a channel that has a greater emphasis on sport, a channel that has a greater emphasis on culture, a channel that has information. A channel that has a greater emphasis on cinema, I am now saying so in the visual arts. And then, an Assembly, a consultative council, where the majority is drawn, not elected, not appointed by the parties. There is also 1/3 appointed by the parties in proportion to the strength of the parties in the House. This consultative conference, the Council decides on the distribution of channels. This controls the boards. This appoints boards of directors. You see what the bottom line is here? Neither oligarch nor minister. I don't want to be in a government where the Minister of Propaganda decides who the President of ERT is. The chairman of the MEA. Just like I don't want bardinoyannis deciding what MEGA says, I don't want me and the Prime Minister deciding what ERT or mega says. Neither capital nor bureaucrat.