These elections will unfortunately be fruitless. In the sense that the next day within 2 days elections will be called again. The reason is, Mr Mitsotakis has said it, he does not want to co-govern, he wants to burn the simple proportional representation if he can. But SYRIZA is not interested in simple proportional representation either, despite the fact that they voted for it, they did not vote for it. It voted for it to put the brakes on Mitsotakis. Proof that it does not honor it is that for 2 years now we have been proposing a dialogue with Syriza with Koukue, with Antarsia, with all the even with PASOK I would turn my heart to stone and go. It would be a sacrifice, you know that, and it would be a sacrifice to be at the same table with Tsipras and with me, but we would do it because when you love and appreciate and believe in simple proportional representation, you cannot say what Akou says. I'm not talking to anybody. Come and talk, not agree. Let's talk, we say this about red loans. What do you say? And you know, it's interesting and this is interesting when it's not on the cameras, the cameras and the microphones are saying things. Yes, explore, we were telling them that we suggested that we explore in each other's shoes to see if there's room. Because with our Constitution, you know? It becomes an election Sunday through Wednesday. There has to be a government. It's impossible to do that exploration on all these issues, all these issues, tax, energy, education, health care.
Red loans and so on cannot be done in two and a half days at most to share a car, No ministerial limousine, that. And we're not interested in that. We didn't make day 25 to become ministers again, lest we save and become. And what do they tell us? Not the Communist Party, because for their own reasons, you are the mounds of capitalism. You are fifth column, SYRIZA no argument other than come after election Sunday to see what if you get into parliament. If possible. If it is to say it differently, O ideal VAT for the country depends on the rate of day 25? That is, the more you tell us basically the higher the percentage of day 25 the closer the VAT will go to the 15% you say. That's a joke, so it doesn't honor simple proportional representation, because to honor simple proportional representation you have to be prepared to sit around a table electorally, debate, debate, debate, record disagreements, folks. At least that's what we tell them not after what.