Let's take these 3 mechanisms. Let me refer to these mechanisms as the 3 geese that lay golden eggs for the oligarchy. First. Hercules. The market. And the sale. And exploitation of the people's red loans, a numerical example. A numerical example. Someone here in the dove, just before the crisis. Did he get an apartment or a 150,000 dollar store? He put 50 out of pocket and borrowed 100. During the first few years he even paid it off. 50. So of the 150 of the original purchase price he had paid off 100, 50 down payment 50 paid off in the bank. And the crisis starts, incomes go down. Maybe the business is not doing well, maybe his salary is cut, her salary is cut, her pension or whatever. And it starts to go red, the loan she had was originally 100, then it went to 50 and it starts to go red and it goes back to 100. And then Hercules comes in. A fund. Which is set up in Delaware. 99% of the funds are incorporated in Delaware. Look it up and see why. With the goal of being a citizen of a city, why Delaware? Because the legal framework in Delaware allows you to incorporate there without the state knowing who you are. Do you realize that? The President of the United States cannot know who owns a corporation incorporated in Delaware. So he's the one who is the banker here and he passes the loan to the treasury from one pocket he puts it in the other. It's Mitsotakis Inc. and the whole gang. Mr. Mitsotakis' social circle. There are some others from other political parties and of course foreign predators. Like Mr. Paulson, for example, who took over Piraeus. Like CVC who took over PPC. Who also took over the health and metropolitan. Who also takes colleges. That's what it is, that's what it means to grab and grab. So they set up the fund in Delaware, open a bank account in the galleries. Because because there's no income tax and no business tax there. So they come here. We're going back to our friend here or our friend in the dovecote. He had gotten a 150 house, he's paid off 100. The 50 that's left is 100 again this fund comes in. And he gives three grand. To buy this loan of 100. 3. And the government of Mr. Mitsotakis comes along. And he demands that you triumph because he says we have. New foreign direct investment. And the man who doesn't know. From the channels. From the media of mass deception of the same oligarchs of the same owners of the same predators. He hears, foreign direct investment and he says to you, that's a good thing. It was money, it's being invested, it's going to create jobs, big deal jobs. You know what foreign direct investment is? 3 grand. The ones that came in to get the 100 loan. Zero, new jobs. And what does the fund do? If they sell, hammer, auction that property of the man who has paid 100,000 to get it. Who has bought it for 150,000, has paid 100,000. If the fund sells it for 50,000. He's given 3 grand and he had made 47 and he's going to make it sta kayman island without it being illegal, you know that? No one is enforcing it, he's not going to keep the money. They don't tax him here to make it. We have freedom of movement of funds. People can't go anywhere the funds with a button are gone and they've gone to the Cayman Islands. Think about it. In what country in the world has more capitalism caught on? Invest 3 and make 47 without doing anything. There is no country. That's why the Mitsotakis government is right. That foreign investors listen to Greece and rub their hands. How can they not rub their hands since we are giving them The highest profit rate in the world without producing anything just by a process of looting called secondary market hercules? No home in the hands of a banker. When God knows who owns those funds from Delaware. And bankers. And Patsy's and social circle of Mitsotakis S.A. And we don't know and again the thing is worse than it was. At least we once knew who the bankers were now we don't even know who the bankers are who are usurping private property. 70 billion euros will make those funds in the Cayman Islands. 70%, they say so themselves. Look at their balance sheets. Every day they cheer every day that they are increasing their rate of revenue generation. From the flesh like hyenas tearing at the flesh of a corpse. Of the Greek private sector. This is the first to lay golden eggs for the oligarchy.