What did Thatcher say about the PPP, the English PPP? What did she say she was joking to the British public who had no problem with the British public power company. No problem at all. How did she convince them that breaking the PPP was good? The British public PPP into pieces and privatise them, he said this. Fellow countrymen how much is each 100 kilowatt hours? 100 is not today you are good with 100 fine. Well see what we do. We will put a cap. The kilowatt hour will not go over 100. That's what you're currently entitled to? I the state will not go above what it is today. I will privatize it. The store I will break it into pieces. As it happened here with the DEDDEe the ADMIE, the this I will put private people in how they put in mythy pigeon dove DES bardinoyannis, lathis and the evil conglomerate again. What if the market that will be created? This private market will bring the price down below 100. What do you mind you? It's nice. So convince the British. He puts a cap and the market tells you. If it succeeds, bring it down below the cap. So he passed it. Here. In the name of the radical left under the orders, Commission confirmation of all the predators hiding behind the troika's apron strings. They built the energy exchange. And to prove to you that they are worse than Thatcher, they didn't put a cap. No cap. They don't make rules. On how the price of a kilowatt hour is determined. What did they say? It's a market on its own, it will find the right price. We'll make a stock exchange, the stock exchange will find the price on its own. You don't need to know anything about stock exchanges to realize. That this is a scam. A stock market wants thousands of players competing against each other to have a balancing towards a price. Again, there is absolutely no guarantee that a REAL exchange will result in prices that are consistent, first, with green energy. Second, with the interest of the people third, with economic efficiency. But when you have to stock market with 5. Vardinoyannis, Latsis, Peristeri, Mytilineos and CVC who took our PPC. That's not a stock exchange, it's a cafe of fun. They sit among themselves. Do you know how a coffee shop works? I'll tell you. They don't even bother themselves often follows all the festive of Latsis with the strong of the millennial with the weakness of the dove and electronically to not spend and live with i.e. every day they say guys what to charge? To the people. One of them says, let's give them 100 €. A little other well crazy you are 200 at least. The other one comes. 240. So he comes and says: "Take it easy, guys. If we give them 240 they might die and tomorrow we won't have to steal from them. Let's give them 210 and join 210. This is the energy exchange we have in Greece, in the name of the Left and the progress of Syriza, Alexis Tsipras, George Stathakis, Euclid Tsakalotos. The Syriza people say to us, but why do you have empathy with Syriza? We have no empathy with Syriza. SYRIZA has empathy with the Greek people when it introduces this so-called stock exchange, the energy cartel and asks the left. To legitimize it with its vote by accepting it. This is the second goose with the golden eggs for the oligarchs. What do we say? Well, it can't be done. Support the green transition. Support the people's income. Protect your people from having a stroke every time they open their utility bill. And keep the energy exchange alive. Look at SYRIZA's program, just as it doesn't say a word about abolishing Hercules it doesn't say a word about abolishing the energy exchange.