You'll never hear that. So we're going to go out the representatives of the day 25 coalition for the break and we're going to whisper something about all of this. That you know something? If it's the democrat voters who are mostly lay people. They're victims. Of the memorandum process, they are victims of Syriza. They are victims of the new democracy. They are victims of PASOK. People of the popular right have always been victims of the right. If they knew what they were saying, they would rise up against the memorandum parties and the new democracy itself. But they don't know it. Because we have the means of mass deception. Which belong to whom? Mytilineos, Vardinoyannis. Latsis. Pigeon. Alafouzos, Marinakis. Who do what? They sue the kleonas when he dares to speak the truth from the floor of the Parliament that on the one hand alafouzos has the shit that all day, all day, demonizes any of us who dare to talk about a peace process in Ukraine. As Putin. And at the same time Mr. Alafuzos with the tankers carrying Mr. Putin's oil, it's amazing, it's unimaginable the amount of hypocrisy they have, and he's suing. And what is equally interesting? His channel says nothing about this lawsuit. It's a major news story. The owner of the ski boat is suing a member of the Greek Parliament for something he said on the floor of Parliament, which is news. And they're not reporting it. But none of them nor the marinakis, the channels. Neither of the pigeon, the channels, nor of Vardinoyannis what did I do for? Every time now. We're going out. In the channels because now they are obliged to take us out of the law by the election law by the election law they are obliged to. You're going to say a few words about Hercules for the scenes with the golden eggs. About the Superfund. As soon as you start talking about the energy stock exchange, you're going to close the banks like you did in the 15th century, you were recording our Eurogroups, you're a friend of Schäuble. Yeah, I was that much of a friend of Schäuble's? If you tell him, he might have a stroke. While Alexis is the great enemy of Schäuble. Do you know how he's got it in for Schäuble? He signed everything, he said yes to everything to get him to break his balls. Since then, Schäuble has been unable to sleep at night, he tells you that in the name of the Radical Left, he signed things that Samaras did not sign and implemented them much more effectively. So he threw Alexis Tsipras in the dustbin of history at Schäuble. Let's have a few laughs.