It has become too nice the story with Dimitra you agree I have. Having fun this situation. Today. I was just a while ago on the bulletin of Mr Varoufakis. But why did you take out the demitra now? In the open? Are we living on the same planet? First. The basis of the demitra. It's a plan we originally worked on 25 years ago with Rafael Correa that was implemented in Ecuador. Then. I've written articles upon articles in the international literature since 8, 2008, 2009, 2010 2012, 2013. In 2015, June 2015. The Financial Times which is not exactly a Marxist Leninist newspaper in a 3000 word article referred to the idea on which the executioner is based as a very, very good idea for Greece, Financial Times in 15. It was the reason why I accepted the Ministry of Finance because Alexis Tsipras had agreed that it was a very good way to give fiscal breathing space to our government and in case we are created in its suffocation by Frankfurt to be able to breathe and if necessary it becomes a drachma, together we had said it. It is the reason the Treasury gave me to implement. Now he doesn't know, he's forgotten, he's amnesiac. That's what they do. His hostilities with Schäuble create amnesia situations. 2019 in here. At City Hall here behind us. The executioner was part of our election program. December 2020 we tabled a bill with Demetra, we fought for it to be debated, you non-party members should know. For the demitra. Silence. We did a whole workshop in the technopolis, on the gas we called Mark Blythe a very important economist from Brown University with Nick Theocharakis. 6 hours presented with the demitra. We had invited journalists, SYRIZA parties, KKE parties, no one came to talk to them, they didn't say anything about the demitra. Suddenly they discovered it and they ask us why are you putting it out in the open? Now we've put it out now. The trolls of the New Republic have now brought it out. But we are very clear that it is now the trolls of democracy that have put it out.