And of course you heard him the other day? He signed the statement of repentance. Now he's only talking about joining forces with PASOK. Praise God, because we will not join forces with those who created the three geese with golden eggs for the oligarchy. With full openness. And it is with great pain of soul that we have been telling them for two years. And I'll tell you why we've been telling them. To turn our hearts to stone, to sit around a table. Forget the past, talk about the basic problems of this people, the red loans. Electricity. The Superfund. Rented work, which is the dream that is destroying the future of our youth. To talk, not to agree. Hard to agree. At least talk to explore the possibilities for some convergence. We believe in simple proportional representation because we love and value and believe in simple proportional representation. We don't play at it. We don't say we are the only ones, we have a monopoly on truth, wisdom and purity. Let's come and talk. Come to talk and emerge through dialogue the possibility of convergence exists. You never know when to close the door on dialogue. And what did they say? Come after election Sunday and get a ministry. Well, no. Mr. Tsipras was not slaughtered, we're not going to come after election Sunday to get a ministry that we kicked him out, we kicked him out in 2015. And I'm not alone anymore in this party there are other comrades and comrades who left the targets and we said take them. We are interested in looking at the Greek people who voted. Not who went out on the streets that amazing evening of Friday 03/07/2015 we were all together hundreds of thousands in Syntagma Square and said to us, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in on the evening of the twenty-first of May. Only our duty is to disobey. If you think about it. What is the leadership of Syriza telling us? Why is the Syriza leadership telling us? We do not speak. Because if we talk to you, the oligarchy will cut our salaries, neither Vardinoyannis nor, imagine now, Alafouzos and so on, will talk to him again. With whom we have a very good relationship. A relationship of united cooperation of SYRIZA proved it 4 years they gave to Latsis in the Greek from the opposition benches. Imagine if they were in government they would do. They would have given them the Acropolis. What are they telling us? Go to your people here in the dove, in Menidi, in Corfu, where we were yesterday in Ioannina, where we were the day before yesterday. Promise them to abolish Hercules? Promise them the abolition of the energy exchange? Do you promise to abolish the superfund? Promise them the abolition of wage labour and then, on the evening of May twenty-first, come and make me Prime Minister and Minister and Ministers in this and your no ministry so that we don't do all the things you have promised your people. Are they serious? Do they know us? They don't know us. There's no chance of us doing that. We look you in the eye and we say. That. Anyone who respects simple proportional representation. Either he speaks before. Either after Sunday looks them in the eye, she says. Pasok new republic Syriza had so little differences between you, co-government and get it over with. Enough of the cockfighting between you? What do you disagree on? What do you disagree on? In the particulars. Okay, you guys have so much in common with each other, govern and we will be against it, both in and out of Parliament.