Not only the issues of the plunder and the sustainability of this country are also companions. We have a war right here beside us. I don't know if you noticed a few months ago a Mr. Pyatt, you remember Mr. Pyatt, was the United States Ambassador to Athens. When he left, he retired and went to Washington. You know, all the ambassadors who pass through Greece go to a very high position in Washington, they've done their agrarian in Greece and then they go to higher positions in Washington. Thank Mr. Pyatt, thank Mr. Tsipras. Because he says he pointed out Alexandroupolis as a very good port and airport for the American armed forces. This has never been done before. Usually the Americans after 946. When they took over from the British Empire that became the Trampa. The British placemen of the civil war were withdrawn and the Americans came in. Since then the Americans have been coming whether it is Karamanlis or not. I don't know who and they say that's what I want. And they get it. For the first time he went prime minister according to the United States ambassador, he went prime minister to the ambassador. He just says, look, we have a very nice airport and port there called Alexandroupolis. It would make you and I turn around like it would be amazing. 122 flights every day carrying God knows where. We know where. They've put Alexandroupolis in the crosshairs of nuclear war. They've delivered Northern Greece. To the United States, to NATO, in a war without end, from which hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians will be killed, hundreds of thousands of Russians, are killed every day. Millions, not to say billions, of poor people in Africa will starve, they are already starving in Asia because of the increase in the price of fertilisers, of raw materials for agricultural products. This rekindles or strengthens and reinforces the new cold war between America and China and Greece once again, like in 1944, was in the eye of the hurricane, this is where the Cold War started. This is where the euro crisis started. And now we are back to Alexandroupolis. The epicentre of imperialist adventures.