As a radical left, the only radical left is here tonight in the dove. And submits a 100-day breakthrough program. Speaking of the first break, for the break has not been made in 2015. Some of us meant it, we talked about it. We were planning it. We craved it while others pulled the rug out from under us. And they finally pulled the rug out from under our feet and overthrew an entire nation. First time rupture will be with the day 25 alliance for rupture because indeed everything can be different. F. And because the rupture. It is happening globally pan-European, nationwide and locally. The moment of my great joy has come. To read to you and to call up here on the podium the names of the candidates in the Athens West Sector of Day 25, alliance for rupture. Here I see a Mr. Arsenis. I don't know of the abdomen. Elias. Crito, Elias Arsenis. Helen Poulou, Helen upstairs. George, come on, George. As my colleague and another usual suspect, John Leventidis. Argyro, you want it, don't you? Argyro, come on up. Jella's here. Come on up. Georgia Xidopoulou. Georgia's missing, it doesn't matter, she'll be in the next one. Charilaos, so we remember Florakis, right? F. Marios παρασκευopoulos. Come on, Mario, don't be shy. Maria Rizopoulou, Maria Rizopoulou. Come on. Nicholas Sakoutis. A house. The other Nikolas Haralampopoulos. Nicholas Haralampopoulos. Konstantinos Houliaras from his old day 25, Come on Konstantinos. Cheers. Chrysavgi chronopoulou. Yannis Chaltas. Hello, Yannis. Well, fellow comrades. I have a request, I want this struggle to be fought with joy because, like the truth, joy is revolutionary. We must transmit it to the world because what we are now achieving so many years after our defeat in our common defeat, the defeat of our people, that night of the referendum is the first time that I personally feel that we have conquered the right to smile and to joy, not only in our political program, which is in great need of being transmitted. But I want you to rejoice, and you know what? Keep your strength up because on the evening of the twenty-first of May. We begin the real campaigning that will begin the next day. Because both democracy and Syriza have no respect for simple proportional representation. They will go for a second election and we will come out even stronger in the second ballot box, but we have to run a marathon and be ready. One swallow. A Stathis Kuvelakis stand candidate on the statewide ballot. It's gonna take a lot of work, but we'll get it done. Where? From. I built it with you, didn't I? Allies with what? I will. Me. And I came. Come on. You will. Gallery g. I will. I will.