Thank you. I was a little late, but I brought you sunshine. The 25th of June will be just as sunny, the day of the great new victory of our New Democracy. Friends, Young Democrats, UNNEDites, there was no way the election period could be completed without me returning to my beloved Ioannina. I am here, Mr. President, Mr. Regional Governor, dear fellow candidates in Parliament, Mr. Mayors, first and foremost because I want to individually thank each and every one of you for the percentage we achieved in Ioannina and Epirus as a whole. We set ourselves the goal of painting the whole of Epirus blue, and we have made the whole of Greece blue.

But I am also here to remind you that the work is not yet finished.  On 25 June we have another election. The ballot boxes are empty and the goal we must set is to achieve an even higher percentage in the June 25 election. Here in Ioannina we want to get three MPs. And our percentage, here in Ioannina, should read '4' on the front. I am sure that all of us together will achieve this goal.I wonder how many people on May 20 would have been willing to bet that all of Greece would be blue. But this great electoral victory of ours, friends, was, yes, a reward for the great work that we have done for four years now, holding the country upright in the midst of great crises, setting a path of growth for the Greek economy, supporting society in the midst of great difficulties - coronavirus, energy crisis - but also telling the citizens the truth throughout these four years.

We never hid. When we made mistakes, we acknowledged them and stood up to the citizens with honesty, building relationships of trust. And the citizens rewarded us at the ballot box on May 21 by giving us a higher percentage than we achieved in July 2019. For the first time.

The President, who is well-versed in history, is well aware that our great party, New Democracy, has never managed to increase its numbers by being in government. We succeeded once, and we will succeed again at the ballot box on June 25th.

So we have been rewarded by the citizens. They said 'yes' to truth, 'yes' to progress, 'yes' to unity, 'yes' to modesty, 'yes' to the decency of political discourse, and 'yes' to programmatic discourse. But they also punished some people who invested in division, lies, blackness, and toxicity. We, friends, do not need to fill all of Ioannina with paper posters to gather people. Interestingly enough, in a moment, Mr. Tsipras will be in another place here in Ioannina to talk to us. There is no need for any disapproval because the greatest disapproval that the people have for their elected leaders is the verdict of the ballot box. The Greek citizens have said it all, giving us more than double the 'score' of Syriza.

Basically, people are telling us not to bother with the opposition or worry about what others will do. We're not interested in that. The message of the ballot box was to look forward, not to expend energy on engaging in toxic debates with opponents. We need to talk about the future and, above all, explain to citizens what we want to do in the next four years. The reward of the citizens in the ballot box on May 21st was strong, but the demand to move faster and more boldly along the path of great changes was just as strong.

And the reason why, my friends, we are asking for stable self-reliance after June 25th is precisely so that we can implement the great changes that the country needs so much. And I am sure that the Greek people will give us this stable, strong self-reliance. All of us together this Sunday, because no vote should be wasted and because no election result is predetermined in advance. I will not tire of saying it: the ballot boxes are empty; they must be filled with millions of New Democracy ballots. On the evening of June 25th, we will make the "cash", we will all go to the ballot box together, and we will all reaffirm the strong mandate we give to New Democracy to take the country firmly, boldly, upwards.

Friends, this second election period was an opportunity to reiterate our programmatic speech, but it was also an opportunity to highlight the absurdity of the proportional representation ballot box. You may remember that when I came and spoke to you here in Ioannina before the elections, I predicted the result, telling you that it was impossible to form a government through the proportional representation ballot box. We are now called upon to go through a second electoral process, which is expensive for the Greek public sector, and we have to be here again today to talk to you about what we want to do. If the system we are now going to use for elections had been in place during the previous polls, the country would already have a stable government, I would have been Prime Minister, and we would already be working on solving the country's major problems.

But even in this two-round election, let us use the time we have between now and the elections to talk about the future. Let's talk about how the future can be better for each and every one of you, about our plan for a productive Greece that will grow much faster than the European Union, create many well-paid jobs, and attract investment in many sectors.

And let's talk, yes, Mr. President and Mr. Regional Governor, about how to make Ioannina and Epirus a model of development for the entire territory. The first steps have already been taken; we must now complete the work. It is indeed very impressive that here, for example, in Ioannina, a dynamic high-tech industry is developing, and I meet young people who return from abroad, not to Athens or Thessaloniki, but to Ioannina to work in high-tech companies. This is extremely encouraging.

Add to this equation the important projects being carried out in the region, the support of the primary sector, and the possibility of turning Ioannina into a unique tourist destination 12 months a year. This can be achieved by combining attractions that showcase the rich cultural tradition of the city with new initiatives that truly open a window to the world.

I had the opportunity to visit a very impressive new exhibition of contemporary art called Plásmata in the area of the old Castle before coming to talk to you. I was really amazed by the new dimensions that we can give and the new identity that a city like Ioannina can acquire as a center of culture, of contemporary culture. We are not only proud of our history, but we are also optimistic about our future. This is exactly what the ballot box is about: how we can seize the future and create a better tomorrow, especially for these young children, our students, here at the University of Ioannina.

I often talk about the need to raise wages in our country, and I believe in it a lot. This is something I often hear from young people. They study, finish university, and then find that the wages they receive are still low. We know how to raise wages, and when I say that we will increase the average wage to EUR 1,500 and the minimum wage to EUR 950, we know how to make it happen.

Not through diktats or ministerial decisions, but by attracting investment and creating space for private entrepreneurship. From small businesses like the charming shops opening in Ioannina, to larger investments that can reduce unemployment in the region, higher wages will follow. We can be confident that graduates from our excellent public universities will possess the skills and knowledge necessary to compete in the job market.

I want to say something about our GUP and our student organizations. The GUP has always been a leader in the need to modernize the public university. We are with the libraries, not the sledgehammers. The GUP has always been at the forefront of this struggle.

But the productive Greece that we envision, a Greece that will grow much faster than Europe, has another side to it. The other side is the social Greece, the Greece that takes care of the weakest and invests the surplus of growth in quality social services.

Apart from education, where we still have very ambitious plans for our universities to make them truly outward-looking and open them up to the world. This way, universities can create foreign language programs and attract international students instead of exporting them, allowing us to bring students back home to study here.

In addition to what we want to do in education, my friends, I have a very ambitious plan for what we need to do with the National Health System. First of all, I want to say a big thank you again to our doctors, nurses, and all the health workers who kept society on its feet in the midst of the coronavirus crisis. This unprecedented healthcare adventure has highlighted the weaknesses of the NHS, but it has also highlighted its strengths. Our duty now is to invest in a National Health System that will provide quality health services to all Greeks, wherever they are, whether they are in Ioannina or in an isolated village in Tzoumerka or Zagori. This starts with my commitment to recruit 10,000 doctors and nurses over a four-year horizon in the National Health System because, yes, we still have delays, and we must be able to face the truth. I am saddened every time a fellow citizen comes to me and says, "I have to wait months to have regular surgery."

These are things that we need to fix. We need to intervene and modernize the emergency departments. The work has already started. You have two excellent hospitals here, and I want you to know that within a four-year horizon, both of your hospitals will have modernized emergency departments that will be able to deal with emergencies in a completely different way than what is done today. But it's not just about what we do in our hospitals. It's about what we do in our health centers, it's about what we do at the level of prevention, the Personal Doctor, how we make sure that not everybody is running to the hospitals when they have a problem, but how primary care can be a 'mound' of health for all citizens.

Of course, I would like to say a word about an issue that has hurt us a lot lately - those few cases where the ambulance did not manage to arrive on time and unfortunately we have suffered loss of life. A big thank you to the ambulance rescuers first of all. They are doing an excellent job. For every tragic incident, there are hundreds of thousands of cases where people get to the hospitals on time. However, we must improve here too, and we must improve using all the possibilities that modern technology and all the means that we have at our disposal today. It is a commitment that I made a year and a half ago, in memory of a young boy who was so unjustly lost in Tzoumerka, Ermis Theocharopoulos, that we should finally be able to acquire a modern rescue system with flexible helicopters that are staffed with medical personnel specialised in emergency medicine.

The relevant bill has already been adopted. I believe that very soon we will have six helicopter bases that will assist the work of the ambulance service and will be able to carry out a rescue, for example, in a mountain village where the ambulance cannot reach quickly. This is how we understand the modern way of providing immediate assistance, and also how we understand the partnership between the public and private sectors, ladies and gentlemen.

Because I want you to allow me to deconstruct the biggest lie that Syriza has been peddling in its desperation over the last few weeks, which is that "we will privatize the NHS". What we have heard in the last few days is beyond description. We're going to leave patients, including cancer patients, dying in hospitals because we won't give them drugs, supposedly because these drugs are expensive.

Well, look at this: the National Health System will become a powerful national public health system under a New Democracy government. And those who criticize us today obviously do not know or do not want to know that under our watch, more than 200 new cancer treatments with modern and very expensive drugs were approved. No patient under a New Democracy government will ever be deprived of any medicine, no matter how expensive, if it is the doctor's opinion that he or she should receive such treatment.

Pensions. With pensions, sometimes we take certain things for granted. When we started, you know very well that it took three or four years to receive a pension. Today, pensions are granted in two or three months. This is a great success of New Democracy, not inconveniencing pensioners unnecessarily.

But we did not only fix the pension system. We gave pensioners significant increases for the first time in 12 years. Our government gave increases of almost 8%, and we also addressed the tragedy of the personal differential. And I'm here to tell you again that those pensioners who didn't see an increase in their pensions because of the personal differential, know that you will continue to receive support from the state until the personal differential is finally erased.

All that has been done is a lot. It is difficult to contain. For example, consider the digital revolution and gov.gr. When we came to govern the country, the ability to communicate with the state was basically through inconvenience and queues. But now we have the next phase of gov.gr and the overall restructuring of the Civil Service. There is one phrase that I do not negotiate when it comes to our interventions in the public sector: evaluation everywhere, meritocracy everywhere. The best individuals should be in the best positions, and good civil servants should also be rewarded with additional salaries. We will increase spending on civil servants' payroll by EUR 500 million, and we will prioritize support for families with children.

New Democracy is the only political force that has a coherent plan against the scourge of underpopulation and the shrinking of the Greek population. We want to support working mothers in particular. We know that it is not easy for a woman who works to have children at the same time. That is why we place so much emphasis on day nursery programs, all-day kindergarten, and the balance between personal and professional time. These are policies that will allow women to have their first, second, and third children more comfortably than they have been doing so far.

But, friends, our politics are not limited to what happens within the walls. Over the last four years, if there is one thing I am proud of, it is that when I go abroad, Greece's opinion counts. They no longer look at us as if we were the poor relation. And yes, Greece's voice is heard from the United States Congress to Brussels, and it is heard with confidence. This policy of a strong Greece, with a foreign policy that has a beginning, a middle, and an end, which understands Greece's geopolitical role and position, must continue.

It is perhaps the most important issue in this election. Because, as you know, we are still in a difficult neighborhood with an unpredictable neighbor, and our country must be strong. And our foreign policy has specific bases and foundations that are non-negotiable. First and foremost, the constant strengthening of our country's armed forces. In 2025, we will take delivery of the first of three Belharra frigates, and in 2028, we will take delivery of the first F-35s, which will give us strategic superiority in the air.

The second foundation of our policy is to build strong alliances. Greece has managed to build these alliances over the last four years, not only with new allies in the Gulf countries, but also by strengthening our alliance with France and the United States. Above all, Greece has shown that it is an irreplaceable factor of stability in an unstable geopolitical neighborhood such as the Eastern Mediterranean.

And the third aspect of this strong policy, which is quite timely given the tragic recent events, is a robust but fair policy on the issue of migration. The country has borders in the air, at sea, and on land, and has shown that it can and does guard them. We will pursue this policy because it is the right policy for the country's national security. But I dare say that it is also the right policy in terms of human care for the protection of human life. Because, friends, we have crushed the trafficking rings in the Aegean, and the fewer boats that leave the coast of Turkey - because they know that they will hardly reach Greek islands - the fewer people are ultimately in danger at sea.

What the Syriza humanitarians, who have been scrutinizing the situation, are not telling us is that between 2015 and 2019, three times as many people drowned in the Aegean as died between 2019 and 2022, precisely because fewer boats were leaving the coast of Turkey. The so-called humanitarians, who care about the value of human life, were the ones who allowed - hypocrites indeed - the Moria sweatshops. It was condemned a few days ago in the European Court of Human Rights for the conditions that prevailed in Moria. So let them stop wagging their finger at us and stop targeting our Coast Guard. And recognize that the main culprit for the tragedy that happened in Pylos was the miserable traffickers and not the Coast Guard, which after all tried to save as many people as it could.

I also read about the fence on the Evros. Just one word about "Little Maria". Yes, "Little Maria". Do you remember Little Maria? They slandered the country abroad without telling the truth about an incident that never happened. Whenever they find an opportunity to slander the country abroad, they do it systematically. Then they get indignant when we say "national exception". Unfortunately, this is the truth. Even today, Mr. Mouzalas, who managed the refugee portfolio under Syriza, still says, "When the fence on Evros comes down, I will feel the same joy that I felt when the Berlin Wall came down." So I say to him, the fence on the Evros will not come down because the next government will be the government of the New Democracy. Not only will it not fall, but the project will be completed.

So, this robust policy is the policy that will also allow us, tomorrow, from a position of strength and not from a position of weakness, to be able to sit down at the table with Turkey and see if we can resolve our chronic issue, our major dispute, which is none other than the delimitation of the maritime zones, the EEZ, and the continental shelf in the Aegean and the Eastern Mediterranean. But this negotiation must be conducted on the right terms, and Turkey must know that there are a number of issues that I will not agree to discuss with them. Greece does not discuss issues of demilitarization of the islands, and Greece does not discuss issues that have to do with our national sovereignty and sovereign rights.

And yes, Greece does not discuss issues concerning the Muslim minority in Thrace with Turkey. Our Muslim fellow citizens are Greeks, European citizens, and should enjoy, do enjoy, and will enjoy under a New Democracy government exactly the same rights and opportunities for progress as all their Christian fellow citizens in Thrace.

It is really very, very sad that we are in the position today of having a public debate and asking Syriza to do the obvious. What is that? To ask its two elected MPs to state very simply that they respect the Lausanne Treaty and acknowledge that there is a Muslim minority, not a 'Turkish' one, in Thrace. It is as simple as that. You ask yourself why they do not do so and why Mr Tsipras, who will be speaking here in Yiannina in a moment, is still covering up for them. Everyone knows this, friends, everyone knows this.

But, as I said, our aim now is to look ahead, not to worry about our opponent, and to go together in these few days left until the polls to fight the battle, to convince our fellow citizens - not those who voted for us, as I believe they will vote for us again - but to convince those who may not have voted for us that we are indeed worthy of their trust. This is precisely because the country needs a stable government the next day.

And as the bar of self-reliance may rise, we will have six, seven, or eight parties in Parliament. That means our percentage must also increase. We need a stable parliamentary majority in the next day, and I am sure we will have it. To those who are worried - some people are worried - "Don't let New Democracy be all-powerful and Mitsotakis be unconquerable," I say that only the Greek people are all-powerful. You are sovereign citizens who freely and democratically go to the polls and determine your own fate and the fate of your country.

But I will not hide from you, friends, that the large percentage we gathered certainly came as a pleasant surprise. However, I want you to know that the higher the percentage we collect, the greater the burden that falls on our shoulders. This burden equals responsibility, for me and for the members of the New Republic who will be more numerous in the next Parliament. You will give us a strong mandate to change the country at the ballot box on Sunday. I want you to know one thing: I will not betray the trust you have placed in me, the love you have shown me, or the appreciation you have shown for our party.

On 26 June, we will roll up our sleeves and work even harder. We will work for the big ones and the small ones, and we will work with the Region and the Municipality. After all, we have many outstanding issues here that we still have to complete. The road from Ioannina to Kakavia has gone through "forty waves," but we will make it happen and build this road. The Velissari camp, which I had the opportunity to pass by just now, will be returned to the local authorities. The Technology Park, which will be so important for Ioannina, will finally have a place that will attract companies.

All of this and much more will be put into practice together. However, as I have told you, there is one condition for all of this to happen: on the evening of June 25th, the map of Greece must be blue and New Democracy's percentage must be strong. On the 25th we will vote, and on the 26th we will roll up our sleeves and lead Greece strongly forward. Thank you for your love and appreciation. Fly the flags of New Democracy and Greece. It will be a beautiful, sunny day on June 25th with blue skies and New Democracy as the great winner of the elections. Be well and goodbye. Thank you very much.