Thank you for this wonderful welcome. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Mr Mayor, Mr Regional Mayor, ladies and gentlemen candidates, New Democrats, eight days from now we will be the big winners. On 21 May we will send the message of victory and progress for every Greek woman and every Greek man, and we will certainly send it from Athens. Here, from the 6th district, from Kypseli, from Fokionos Negri, where I used to come as a boy. I remember what it was like, I remember the difficulties it went through and I am glad that, just as the whole country is finding its way again, so too is Kipseli finding its way again. For a Greece of progress, of prosperity, of development, of social cohesion. There are only eight days left until the elections. I have travelled all over Greece and I will continue to fight until the last moment, until the end of the election period, to convince the Greeks that we must continue on this path of progress. That we must look ahead, we must aim high and we must not turn back to the past. We must not turn back. Because this is ultimately the great dilemma of the upcoming elections. You know better than we do how many difficulties we have gone through together during these four years. We have overcome a migrant invasion in Evros, a pandemic, an aggressive neighbour, an energy crisis, a war in Ukraine, natural disasters.

Despite the difficulties, we kept the country standing and society united.  We put the economy on a growth track. We are growing at more than 3% a year, twice the rate of the Eurozone, but at the same time this growth did not come by overtaxing the middle class, nor by crushing pensioners; it came by cutting taxes, by increasing pensions, by cutting contributions. We have implemented our election programme in full, despite the great difficulties. Today we have every reason to be optimistic, to be able to look to the future with more confidence. Because the Greece of the next four years can be a Greece in which everything really will change.

The great importance that I attach, friends, to our programmatic speech, I want to highlight it here today, and I want to ask you, in this last week that remains before the elections, not to engage in inexpensive arguments with our political opponents, but to talk to the citizens about our own plan for the next day, for the future of our country. After all, I believe that, more or less, our opponents have probably discounted the election result. I was reading today in an opposition newspaper - it came out with a pithy headline - '53% say they do not want a second four-year term for Mitsotakis'. So 47% want a second four-year term. I see us with self-reliance on the first Sunday. And they themselves admit it.

So, this blue current, which I see surging and reflourishing all over the country, I am sure that it will find its expression here in Athens, too, where, Mr.Regional Governor, Mr.Mayor, very important things have been done to change the appearance of the city. But let me tell you that we have an excellent cooperation with both the Region and the Municipality for important projects, from large projects to small ones.

The Metro, Line 4, Kipseli Station, is the biggest public project that is currently being done in the country, 1.5 billion. Nobody dared to start it, we are starting it, the "metro" has already been put in and started digging, the construction sites have already started. Yes, it will take time, we know, these projects are not finished overnight. But know that the moment it's finished we'll be talking about another Hive, we'll be talking about other values on your properties. I believe this will help this neighborhood as a whole, which is so identified with the fabric of our city, to breathe, to breathe and to grow primarily for the benefit of the Hive residents who have stayed, persevered and kept this neighborhood vibrant and beautiful as it is today.

But it's not the only project that will change the look of the area. I want to talk to you about our new vision for the new Archaeological Museum. I imagine you've already seen how the architectural competition has been completed. We are talking about a real jewel. The studies are starting immediately. When the Archaeological Museum is completed, as we envision it, it will provide a huge boost to development throughout the city centre. Again, Kypseli - and not only - will benefit from an Athens that is changing, that is becoming more friendly for its inhabitants and of course much more pleasant for its visitors.

And, of course, I cannot fail to say a word, Mr. Mayor, about the other big project that is going on here a little further away - and that was a commitment we made. Yes, Panathinaikos will finally get the stadium it deserves.  With significant funding from the state, with support from the region, with support from the municipality. The bulldozers are already in place and this is a major project, not only for Panathinaikos, but a major redevelopment project for the whole city of Athens.

These are just a few examples of what will happen in the next four years and can happen under one condition: that New Democracy continues to hold the helm of the country. To emphasise the major priorities of the second four-year term. First and foremost, how to raise wages and improve incomes. We were the ones - look - who took the minimum wage from 650 euros and brought it up to 780 euros. You will say to me, "Is that enough?". I will be the first to tell you that it is not enough, because I know that today in our country wages are still low. The minimum wage can go to EUR 950 and the average wage to EUR 1 500. On inflation, I will just say one word to you. I know how big the problem of accuracy is and you know what we have done to help you. But inflation will come down at some point, but tax cuts and wage increases are here to stay. This is ultimately the way we permanently improve people's disposable income.

The next four years will be the four years in which we will continue the great changes in the state. Gov.gr is a revolution for all of us, you know it very well, but we still have to continue on this path of digitalisation, to continue on the path of better health care. The new National Health System is a big personal bet of mine. We know what difficulties we went through during the pandemic and how we kept the National Health System standing. We saw its strengths, but we also saw its weaknesses. We will recruit 10,000 doctors and nurses over the next four years. And I will move heaven and earth to ensure that these recruitments are made on merit but as soon as possible. We will rebuild all the emergency departments in our hospitals. We will rebuild our health centers. We will place a strong emphasis on the Personal Doctor, an important reform that we have implemented for the first time, and an equally strong emphasis on preventive examinations. Prevention is what saves lives, my friends.  Consider that today there are 7,000 women who have already been identified with early breast cancer because we have implemented a programme of preventive screening. These women have a very good prognosis. Their lives will literally be saved by these screenings that they have had. That's how we understand public health for all and for all, with a focus on good hospitals, to reduce waiting times, to the personal doctor, to prevention. Hold on to what I'm saying: four years from now, the National Health System will be completely different from what it is today, and you know that I keep my commitments.

I don't like to talk about things that I know I cannot deliver tomorrow, unlike some others who promise you programmes that cost more than 80 billion. But, watch out, when we challenge them and say, "Guys, let's not argue about our programs, there's one way to see who's telling the truth, let's all come together and have a third party, independent, cost them. Don't you want the GAO? The Bank of Greece. You don't want the Bank of Greece? The Economic Council of the Parliament." Silence. Because they know very well that they are telling you things that cannot become reality and they don't care, of course, because they know deep down that they are not going to win the elections.

A word about our pensioners, because I know how much you were hurt by the Katrougalos law and how much anger you felt from those who promised you that they would tear up the memoranda "with a law and an article" and then came and smashed you. They levelled your pensions and now they have the audacity to say, 'but we', he says, 'we were giving you the 13th pension and then', he says, 'Mitsotakis came and cut it off'. The answer is that we gave pensioners a raise for the first time in 12 years, 8%. We are the ones who are coming to correct, even partially, the personal difference of Katrougalos. I pledge that I will continue to support pensioners with a personal difference until it is erased.

To the best of our ability. Because one thing we cannot disturb, friends. That is the right course of public finances. We have proved that we can put the finances in order, we can put the shop in order, we can bring growth, and we can support society. I stand by that. Think of how much money we gave away during the COVID. Think about how many subsidies we gave out so that you can see on your electricity bills every month what you would pay without the government subsidy and what you pay with the government subsidy. We have achieved all of this precisely because the economy is growing faster and we have been able to support society. All the shops here in Fokionos Negri, which are open today, are full of people, working people. We had to close all of them during the pandemic. But we came and supported the shopkeepers, the workers, the businesses, and that is why the shops are open today. That would not have been the picture.

Some people accuse us of saying that the middle class is living on benefits. My answer is: know that with New Democracy, in every difficulty the state will be there for you. Listen carefully, because we are a social party and we do not abandon our weakest fellow citizens. However, we know that subsidised aid is a temporary solution. The permanent solution, I will say it again, is wage increases, it is tax cuts, it is investments that bring growth. An investment may be Microsoft coming to Greece, but it is also an investment when a shopkeeper here takes a European programme and makes energy renovations and hires two or three more workers. That too is an investment. We are not just talking about large investments. Investment is what will be done here in the properties in your area. With all of the "Save Money" programs, which allow you to take old apartments that may be closed and renovate them.

We are now launching a new, special "Savings for Young People", up to 30,000 euros. You have an old apartment which is not habitable. You pass it on to your children for the first time without tax, because we have abolished the tax on parental benefits. And a young child can get up to 30,000 euros of help to rebuild the apartment, make it habitable and get out of rent and into their own home.

This means, to put it simply, politics in practice. We emphasise the result. We are proud of our values. I want to say a big thank you to all the old fighters of the New Democracy. A special thank you to those who have never abandoned us and who have kept the party standing in very difficult times. But I also want to say a big welcome to our new friends. To those who have stood with us since 2019, who have created this great current of victory of progressive patriotism, of creative modernisation, this current of victory, which is bubbling up again in these elections. Have no doubt that there will be fellow citizens who will vote for us for the first time in these elections. Because they have seen, judged, compared and decided that they deserve a government that is effective, that whenever mistakes are made, does not hesitate to acknowledge them.

I have never hidden, friends. Never. And whenever mistakes were made, I went before the Greek people, acknowledged my responsibility and said that it was my duty to correct the mistakes that were made. I am not infallible, nor have I promised miracles. But the Greece of 2023 is nothing like the Greece of 2019 and that is something that should make us all very proud. And with a voice, of course, which is heard abroad. From the Middle East to Brussels, from the Far East to the United States Congress, the voice of Greece is heard. And that has a special significance. Because, tomorrow, you know, our great neighbour has elections. I'm not going to make any predictions about the election results and I say in advance that I'm prepared to work with whomever the Turkish people choose. But we know what we have been through these 3.5 years and we know what we had to do to keep the country strong. How we shielded our borders, how we invested in our armed forces, how we built alliances, how we strengthened the economy. So these elections are not just about the economy, health care, the welfare state, they are also about foreign policy. Our world is not going to get easier all of a sudden. There is instability everywhere, you see it. It matters who sits in the next day in the Maximus building and for the defence of national positions. So all this, I am sure that the citizens will think about it very carefully.

We have eight days. I want to ask you not to be complacent for a moment. Yes, the current is strong, I can see it everywhere. Everywhere I go, friends, we are having much larger gatherings than we did in 2019. I also see our opponents-I can't help but comment on that. We're here right now on one of the biggest pedestrian streets in Athens - the mayor will complain a little bit because we're going to mess up his lawn but that's okay, we'll fix that - with a lot of people. Everywhere he goes, he went to Alexandroupolis, he chose the smallest pedestrian street and still couldn't fill it up. And wherever he goes, his rallies start an hour and a half late, before it gets dark and it becomes clear that he can't actually get anyone to his rallies. But, anyway, that gives us a sense of the mood, of how we're heading into the election, but the election is decided when the last ballot is counted. I won't tire of saying it: when the ballot box is opened, it's empty. It is empty. At the end of the day, it should be filled with many New Democracy ballots. That's your job, our job and the job of our excellent candidates here in Athens, where we really have a very, very good ballot paper. Let us not be complacent until the last moment, let us go after the last vote, so that on Sunday night there is no doubt. Regardless of the electoral laws, regardless of simple proportional representation, on the evening of 21 May we will know who will govern Greece for the next four years, and that will be New Democracy, our great party. Thank you very much. Together we will fight the fight to the last moment and with victory. Here we are again, big winners. Be well. Thank you very much.