Good day from Blue New Ionia. Who would have thought that New Democracy would win in Nea Ionia by 10 points over SYRIZA? That is why I am here today to say a big thank you for the struggle we fought together and for the great victory we achieved on Sunday, May 21. Thank you for your love and support for our great party, New Democracy. It is also a special moment for me. I remember when I first started as a candidate for the unified Athens North. To my colleagues in the northern sector who sometimes complain that your constituency is too big, think about what it meant when we had to cover the whole of Athens North. But I remember when I came to Nea Ionia, we were much fewer. Now we are much more, and we will be even more on the evening of June 25 to complete the important step we took in the last poll on May 21.

I cannot forget that I came to Nea Ionia - I had the opportunity to talk to the Mayor - on the 100th anniversary of the founding of the city. A city that has a deep history and roots in refugee Hellenism, which we honor and recognize. Look out, "you are and will be the Prime Minister". At this moment, I am not the Prime Minister. We have a caretaker Prime Minister. If you want me to be the Prime Minister again, you should all go and vote in the ballot box on June 25th. And there is one reason why I am not the Prime Minister today, and that is called "simple proportional representation". Because if the elections had been held under the system of enhanced proportional representation, today the country would already have a stable government with a comfortable parliamentary majority. So what some people did not allow us to do at the polls on May 21st because they experimented with simple proportional representation, I ask you to do twenty days from now, with a strong New Democracy, with a comfortable parliamentary majority.

Because today, the country needs first and foremost a stable government that can lead our country safely into the future and face the major geopolitical challenges of the region. You see, Turkey already has a new, strong, and stable government. We need a stable government in our country too so that we can continue to defend our sovereignty, our sovereign rights, upgrade our geopolitical role, and continue to protect our borders effectively and fairly, both on land and at sea. This is the great challenge of the next elections, whether we will be able to continue on this path of recovery and modernization of the country.

The strong majority for a stable government that we are asking for is also a necessary condition, friends, so that we can put into practice the great changes that we have already spoken to you about and for which we have already obtained the positive vote of the Greek people.Because if anything was vindicated in the previous election period, it was the correct political discourse, the emphasis on the programme and the rejection of toxic political discourse, of divisive political discourse, of lies, of "black Greece".Black Greece was defeated in the elections of 21 May, but "bright Greece" won. The divisiveness was defeated, unity won. And the party that managed to convince the majority of citizens that it has a real plan for how we envision Greece in the next four years, with an emphasis on stable and sustainable growth, with more jobs, more investment and a stronger welfare state.

I have been watching the public debate over the last few days with interest, and it seems that the opposition is exhausting its political discourse by competing over who will impose the most taxes. We have proven that we can reduce taxes for every Greek - we have reduced 50 taxes - without jeopardizing the fiscal stability of the country. When an economy is growing, when a business is doing better, and when it has more profits, it can pay a lower tax rate. Ultimately, the revenue for the state will be higher.

This is the great benefit of a development policy that is based on a logic of measured tax reduction in order to attract investment. This way, every businessman, from big businessmen who invest in our country, both foreign and local, to the small shop in the neighborhood, can know that there is stability and predictability. Ultimately, this is what the entrepreneur wants, from the small investment of upgrading their store to the large hotel investment that can provide hundreds of jobs.

This stable economic environment, in which the private economy grows, can only be ensured by the New Democracy government. That is why we are the only guarantors that this course of Greek economy recovery, which began in the midst of great difficulties four years ago, can continue. We are also the party that guarantees we can manage and deal with any major crises that may arise.

There have been more than a few crises over the past four years, but we have managed to exploit them to our advantage. Today, Greece is much stronger both economically and geopolitically than it was four years ago. The voice of Greece today counts and is heard, from Brussels to the United States Congress. This is not only a victory for the party, but also for the country, because we know how much ground we have lost and how much ground we have to make up. The consequences of this decade-long crisis have been painful and have plagued us.

This is the big issue of the next elections, friends: whether we will continue to move forward on the path we have started to chart or whether we will go back to a period of prolonged instability with governments that cannot have the strong parliamentary legitimacy to make the big changes. I have never hidden, friends, that I do not seek to be a mere administrator of power. I want to make the big changes together and for our country to finally be able to change course. In this great effort that we started four years ago, I want you to be my fellow travelers. And for me, it is extremely encouraging that fellow citizens who had never voted for us before joined forces with New Democracy in these elections that have just passed us by.

Do you know how difficult it is, my friends, for a party in power to increase both the absolute number of votes it receives and its percentages? And yet, we have succeeded. Not many people would have bet that it could happen, but we will do better, and we must do better in the June 25 election for one key reason. The next Parliament may have six or maybe seven parties. You all know by now that this means the bar for self-reliance is rising. So, if we want to have a stable and strong majority that allows us to implement our program, yes, we can and must increase our electoral quotas even more.

We have the wind in our sails, we look up, but our feet are on the ground. We are neither arrogant nor conceited. We leave those attitudes for others who suffer from the "micromagnanimity syndrome" because they managed to get a double-digit percentage by the skin of their teeth. They think they have achieved a great triumph; we have achieved a very high percentage, but we remain down to earth because we know that our opponent is the problems of the people. I also know very well that on the next day, the next electoral victory, I must, with your confidence, be the Prime Minister of all Greek women and all Greeks, not just those who voted for us.

That is why the preservation of unity, the rejection of toxicity, and the emphasis on correct political discourse will distinguish our election campaign from now until the elections on June 25. I would like to ask all of our cadres - I see among us old traditional cadres who kept the party flag flying when we were very few in New Ionia, and I owe you a big thank you. But I also see many new cadres who rallied in 2019, some of whom are voting for us for the first time now. I say to them: trust us, we know where we want to lead the ship of Greece, and let's go together to give this fight so that not a single vote is lost at the polls on June 25.

Our adversary is complacency, the sense that the result has already been discounted. No outcome should be taken for granted. The ballot boxes will be empty on the morning of June 25th and they must be refilled with many New Democracy ballots. They will be filled with many New Democracy ballots and all of Greece will be blue again. This will be a vote of confidence in our party and in me personally. However, it will also increase the responsibility I have towards you to rise to the occasion and to exceed the high bar we have set.

We have achieved a lot. We can achieve much more. I firmly believe that, especially in the economy, the best days are ahead of us. Today, I walked here in the pedestrian street of Nea Ionia. There is no empty shop, and the shopkeepers now see their future with greater optimism. This does not mean that there are no problems. There are many problems that we have to deal with. But we have every right to believe that the best is ahead of us, and that together we can achieve it.

I don't think there has ever been such a mass gathering at this time in Nea Ionia before, but that says something. It also says something about the expectations of the citizens. It says something about the great "blue wave" which is rising and which, on the evening of 25 June, will lead us to another great electoral victory. So let us go together, let us not lose a single vote. To the young people who have rallied with us, against the predictions that 'the youth have turned their backs on New Democracy', I ask them to first go and vote and then go to the beach. First, exercise our right and then we can all celebrate a great electoral victory for our party on the evening of 25 June. A great victory for our country, a great victory for our Greece. So let us go together for another great victory, for the Greece we envision, firmly, boldly and only forward for a self-reliant Greece. Be well. Thank you very much. Goodbye and with victory. Be well.