Good evening to all and sundry. Good evening, Mayor. Dear Christos, this is the second time you have hosted us in your city. The first one was especially important to us. Why was it? You promised me, it wouldn't buzz because it's wired, he says. No, I don't want to go back. I don't want it to buzz, guys. Do something about it. No cell phones. It was very important because do you remember back in the pandemic? That we had the first day 25 consultation conference in Drapetsona in your own multiplex. It was a significant moment not only symbolically, but because it was a conference that marked the radicalization of Day 25. It laid the foundations for what we are all here together today united locally in the day 25 alliance for rupture in large part we owe it to the demos here in the area in Drapetsona, in this corner of Attica, of Piraeus, of our country. Thank you very much. I have a paper here. Which is burning my pocket and that's why I want to take it out to read the names of our candidates in the B Piraeus and the first Piraeus so that I don't forget it already So I'm starting with the B Piraeus.  It is a great honour and a great pleasure. That we have all these comrades, companions, friends and compañeras. Some old, some new, some with whom our paths had parted, but putting aside our egos, putting aside our disagreements, transcending, not ignoring our disagreements, we are all together again. There is a name here that is a little problematic. On the note on the Piraeus North ballot paper is the first one I've read. Yanis Varoufakis. I chose to run in V Piraeus, as I did last time for symbolic reasons. Because it is of great importance that this place here To emerge even symbolically as a front for a working class that has suffered the worst in the times of the memoranda. It is a symbolic choice. I am very happy to be given the opportunity to come down here again, King King King.You are here King, stand up. Demeter Velenza. John Zappas. Manolis Eliakis. Hello, Manolis. Dimitris Lambrou. Our captain. Roula Liatsou Hello, Roula. Kiki Bataki, Vasiliki Kyvaki, Hi Kiki. Yannis Persidis. Vassilis Stylos. And Elizabeth. Hello, Elizabeth. I will also read the names of our candidates, the first Piraeus, Panagiotis Vlantis. Like a farmer, say Georgouleas, sorry, Salvation Sunday Sandy, hello Sandy, sorry you got a taffeta you didn't have. John Gumas. Johnny here I see Johnny with a "N". What's so catchy? Basil the Magnificent. Styliannis Stavropoulou. Are you up late? And John Haralambakis.

Well today here in Keratsini we are completing from late afternoon an anti oligarchic walk. We started in Elefsina where we met representatives of the Elefsina shipyards, Kenokostas, We said anti oligarchic walk. We spoke with representatives of HELPE, Latsis, not to be forgotten, representatives of the Skaramanga shipyards, etc. Does that ring a bell? Prokopiou.We come here knowing very well the good relations you have with Melissanidis and the goal here. There is also a Kosko. This is the great oligarchic instead of oligarchic walk. Because we don't hesitate to name them; we have nothing against the people personally we have something against the power system that empowers them, to plunder people and the environment and we will never stop saying that the goal of the break is along with everything else, along with the abolition of the debt prison in which the Greeks are locked up and incarcerated, the abolition of the power of these oligarchs. Because it is not enough to speak against capitalism. It does not bother them to hear us speak against capitalism. It generally bothers them that we call them Mr. Prokopios. For example who has a lot of money. But Mr. Prokopiou in the shipyard he got doesn't put a penny from his pocket. He lives off the money of the Greek state, the Ministry of National Defence, the navy, from the money he does not pay to the workers that he owes. From the constant brutal exploitation of hired contract workers. From the hard time, deep looting of people and the environment. This is Mr. Prokopiou, said Mr. Xenokostas. He has a difference from Mr Prokopiou. He doesn't even have money to put in, but it doesn't matter because if you are part of this oligarchic system we have socialism. For the oligarchs we have full state support at the public expense of the oligarchs. Socialism for the oligarchs and hard capitalism the arena of the ruthless market for the workers, for the citizens, for the environment. Latsis.Elpe.HELPE or it was the Greek State's. They imposed on us. The Troika with the threat of closing the banks to divest. The control of HELPE to Latsis, so that there would be no competition to Vardinoyannis. All of this is angelically done in the context of no market competition.

Because you know all those people who talk poetically about the power of the market, about the importance of competition, competition keeps prices low, quantities high and raises the quality of the product produced. Arlumps don't want them don't want competition cartels want them for it. The troika, the foreign troika and the domestic troika have agreed to go to Latsis, that's why we pay the highest prices for fuel, the highest prices for electricity, the highest prices
for basic goods that have now become even mobile phones across Europe. Do you know that Greece has the highest cost of Rent Supermarket Supermarkets Fuel Transport And with that of course mobile phones, mobile phones in the whole of Europe with second and sweatiest the rich Denmark. Which has much lower is second, second worst after Greece. Yes, but on what incomes though?

That's where 13 years of debt serfdom has gotten us. Because I am in this place which is a sacred place for us because of its history. Let us not forget that in this area from here to Elefsina, where we were before, we had a mini industrial revolution from the 1930s onwards, I would say, especially in the 1950s with the Marshall Plan, which means that at the same time, there was a brutal exploitation of the working class, of the women who worked in the factories, but also in the shops and in the homes. We have had a history of refugees coming here to these lands being labelled as Turks, a racism against refugees that has been going on ever since. We have a history of very beautiful struggles from which beautiful things have come out. A trade unionism that was pure then, A Cultural development, A pride of the working people who made their lives through adversity, despite living with the sledge-hammer of exploitation, With very low incomes, but with a sense that the future was worth fighting for. A region that the debt prison, the debt prison, brought to the pre-Godfathers of Marazosis. From what was the cradle of this country's remaining industrial revolution compared to industrial revolutions in other countries, but a significant industrial revolution from the cradle of our own industrial revolution, this place became a melting pot of pollutants, a melting pot that, as the mayor here has taught us, that the ruling class wanted to sort out, slowly began to accumulate in this area. Example the beeswaxer down at the beach.

In this context, through this process, poverty, despair, anger and rage gave birth to the monster, the formation, the serpent's egg, the Golden Dawn, the Nazis, the fascists. As long as we live, As long as we exist we will live and exist and breathe to crush fascism. Wherever it raises its head. Paul lives. Paul lives and will live. And the spirit will live. Of opposing fascism and Nazism on every corner, on every street corner, in every mass space, wherever we find them, we will eliminate them from Parliament, but we will eliminate them without their methods, without us mutilating democracy. In Parliament just before it closed, we were brought another amendment, by whom? The ones who turn a blind eye to the Nazis. Them, Mitsotakis who goes and takes a photo next to the disgrace of the Evros fence, winking at the same extreme right wing, asking for the vote. They are the ones who had all these snake eggs, all the offshoots of fascism within their bosom. We are not forgetting the serious Golden Dawn theorists who are on the benches of the parliament with New Democracy. Mr Mitsotakis dares to talk about us on the left, that we are fishing in the far right, but you know? He has learned the lesson that Goebbels taught him. What is the basic lesson of Goebbels' propaganda? You take the truth and reverse it. You tell a huge lie and keep repeating it over and over again. This is Mitsotakis' policy, when he dares, in particular, to accuse the left that because we are the ones who respect the principles of democracy, it is we who are determined to crush the far right, which is within his, with whom he is playing games. Electorally pre-election post-election. He dared to accuse us in Parliament when they brought in the second amendment, remember? They brought in amendment after amendment after amendment of more advertising of the cassadors, they couldn't do it, they made him a man. And we told them that you can't save democracy from the mutilation that a Nazi wants to inflict on it by mutilating it. Together with the KKE, we voted against their amendment.

So you will allow me one complaint. When Mr. E talks about the Merra 25 coalition for the break and says that we support it, we do something with it, we do something with the fascists anyway. Comrades of the KKE together we voted against the amendment as a political leader. President of the parliamentary group of day 25, I stood up on the plenary session of the parliament and said several reasons why we voted against it, as the KKE voted against the amendment, one of the main reasons is that today they are using such an amendment to ban Kasidiaris' party. Tomorrow they will ban the communists. Because we live in an unhistorical European Union, were my exact words, where every 23/08 these unhistorical European Union sack the communists with the Nazis, forgetting that if it were not for the communists, the Nazis would have won from the Atlantic to the Urals. That's what I said. So friends of the KKE. I don't know what the polls are showing you and you're alarmed at us. We tell you one thing. We will be in the same cells if the Nazis win or if Kyriakos Mitsotakis and company continue to win. And that is why we only turn the other cheek and consider you comrades.

Friends. These are important days as we speak, the decision makers are planning the next coalition government, which government I don't know which parties will work with. But I do know that the decision-making centres are interested in one thing. A coalition government that firstly, will avoid slaughtering the 3 sacred geese that lay the golden eggs of the oligarchy. They don't want these sacred geese to be touched. The energy exchange. One. Keep your hands off the energy exchange, they say, there's a lot of money in it. For the five. Vardinoyannis, Latsis Melissani, not Beesanides, Mytiline, Pigeon and the English CDC that has taken our PPC.

Second, herculean false purchase of Red Loans. It's 70-80 billion and they have taken it to themselves to squeeze it out of Greek society and put it into Cayman Islands which they are already doing.Don't touch.They are telling those who will co-rule Hercules.

Third. The Superfund. Do you realize that we are a country under occupation? Can you tell me another country in the world where in human history, apart from periods of actual occupation, there is a Super Fund in which all the public property, that is, what is left of it, has been put into it, and it is controlled by foreigners. Tell me a country in which this was not even done in India under the British Empire, and SYRIZA passed this. Under SYRIZA, the Hyperfund was passed, hands off the Hyperfund. Whatever bits don't bother them these 3 sacred geese with golden eggs are considered that they can participate in a coalition government, either with liberal.
Either neoliberal or progressive. That is why we in the day 25 alliance for rupture will not participate in any coalition, because we will slaughter all 3 of these sacred geese one by one.

First we will abolish the energy exchange, which energy exchange is not an energy exchange. Anyone who knows doesn't need to know much, if you've heard of an exchange, you know that in an exchange it's a market that needs thousands of players to operate. To compete with each other so that prices are kept at levels that are somewhat in line with the values of the companies whose shares are traded on the exchange. It must be thousands when it's 5, you know what it's called? Coffee shop. Yeah, he knew. Coffee shop sits the nor 10, nor do they send the pink hot ones themselves. Latsis, Mytilineos, Pigeon, Vardinoyannis and the conglomerate and not even send now is with we live like this, it's all electronic and they decide every day what price to put us. That's it. By what rules? Do you know? No one, no one, no one, it says stock market is self-regulating, yes if you have thousands of players, if you have 5, the only self-regulation is how much to put on the megawatt hour today. Like a cow, if you don't hit it too hard. She might die, you might not have milk tomorrow. That's their limitation. How much they can extract from the Greek society the maximum and you know I did Mytilineos came out today. Read navy trade and he said he said 112% increase in his profits from last year which was 103% increase over the year before and calculate what that is? Every year 100% earnings growth and up. But that's how great a businessman he is to tip his hat to. Jeff Bezos doesn't have that kind of earnings growth, he wouldn't be that good a businessman, they're not entrepreneurs. They're predators. Because if he's given them the right to choose what prices they charge you we go to another one which is one of my favorite topics.

Because of the Australian Past and have you heard of a company called Deddye? Q. Well, deddée is a bit of the old west. They broke up the PPC and sold bits and pieces here and there and sold Deddeus to an investment bank but essentially a criminal organisation from Australia called Macquarie. Well, because I call it criminal and I very much urge the Macquarie people to sue me.
Because it's their secret expression to call him a criminal. You are criminals, please file a lawsuit. McQuary before he came in here in all that he has done so there is the entire Australian national radio documentary about the.
Macri's antics in Australia. Before she came here she went to London and bought the London Basin Water Company. Do you know what London means? So? The whole of the whole basin. The field around the Thames is about twenty million people or twice the size of Greece. He bought their EIA. What is it? I saw them the water company called Tempes Water Company. He took it for £5 billion. Two of which he put up. Three of which Tempts Waters borrowed to buy it from the Macquarie. Within two years, McQuarrie had saddled Tebbs Waters with 10 billion pounds of debt. You'll tell me that's how capitalists borrow to invest. Nonsense. They didn't invest £1 of that £10 billion in Tempe Water. You don't even know what they did with it. They put it in their pockets, they gave it away as dividends to the shareholders of Macquarie. And now the people of London have dirty water. Every time it rains a little bit it floods the Thames and the surrounding seas from the sewage from the sewers that are Victorian, no investment has been made and if the state comes in now and takes back the renationalisation from Macquarie, they will inherit all the 10 billion in debt. Why am I telling you this? He got the tithes. The day before yesterday was May Day. Haven't you opened your account yet? The next electricity bill that comes in you will see that it always has a fixed supply fee, it's called Dededee's. Until now it was 56 cents a kilowatt hour. From now on it will be 4 € and 44 from 56 cents to 444 cents and even. anachronistic from 01/01, wait? That's what they do in Greece.

They say, he says, Staikouras says the Delphi Forum, which is the Davos of Greece. The dailies, the shipping, the capitals. Mr. Kyriakos Mitsotakis that foreign investors triumph for Greece of course what can I get out when they come and take such profit rates, plundering the Greek people? Why are they not worshipping the Mitsotakis government and not upgrading all the old paper we sell them? Because by buying all these property titles they are earning profit rates that do not exist in existing capitalism, they only exist in Greece. Do you see the amazing contradiction? On the one hand, our debt, our bankruptcy, the misery of this country, the misery of this country, the more and more it deepens, and the more it deepens, the more the rating of the Greek security increases, either for red loans or for Greek bonds. The country's credit rating. When we went bankrupt do you remember 2010? It's been 13 years.When we went bankrupt we had an income of 220 something let the zeros be many 220 something we had a debt of 300 220 something income 300 debt now we have 192 income. 400 debt. We are more bankrupt than ever. And yet.  The foreign investors and their local minions are triumphant because our bankruptcy is their overreach.

Fellow travellers, friends, friends, compañeras, compañeros, compañeros, these cannot be changed by blah blah blah. That doesn't change by playing a little with a tax rate from here to there. A solidarity contribution here and there with a contribution to social security funds further on. These things can only be changed by a frontal rupture, which only the day 25 alliance for rupture stands for and has a plan to do.

Speaking of design, there's been a lot of talk lately about a hangman's noose, have you heard of it? It's amazing. It's been taken out, says the New Republic trolls in their newspapers. Their channels have caught us, he says, in the act with a plan or, in the worst case scenario, Varoufakis says, and the day was thrown, he says fireworks. Now the firework is the pre-election hanging plan. A firework. It is a plan that is in our 2019 election programme. It's a plan which we tabled in the form of a draft law absolutely codified, just as government comes in, it tabled a law for passage in the House, we did it in December 2020 we tabled it. The Demeter Act in Parliament. We. When we did that conversation go talk about it. You don't interview me you interview me, we weren't playing. We did everything to hear the executioner's plan silence. We went so far as to shut down the City of Athens' technopolis. And we held a workshop, we invited the journalists, we brought in a great economist from Brown University in the United States along with Nikos Theocharakis, my colleague at the University of Athens, and we had a whole section that presented Demetra. We made a video of it and we put it on the website. In silence suddenly a week 10 days ago, they discovered it, they caught us with Demetra in our hands. Baroufakis is going to close the banks again, why? Because he says the Demeter is a plan to take away your euros. He said. Mitsotakis today I don't know where he was today, he was somewhere. Yes, he said, he says that Varoufakis says, he says, we will take you the EURO and will make them hanged and even when at some point he decided that he wants to be a little more humorous, you have to ask Varoufakis, how many Dimitris is a souvlaki?

You remember a while ago when the government legislated those platforms of Mr. Pierrakakis. The market pass the fuell pass the allowances that humiliatingly gives to the Greeks who are suffering from the new austerity which is of course The Accuracy. The precision that is created to a very large extent by the supermarkets, the energy exchange, all those who find an opportunity with the increase in energy costs, the increase in transport costs to send prices sky-high, they have made it anyway. Imagine, I can't imagine. Because we're a serious party. It would never occur to me to criticize the government. Then we criticized what I'm criticizing you now for being a subsidy to the supermarket man oligarchs. It never occurred to me, maybe it should have occurred to me, I'm not a good politician, it seems, to stand up in Parliament and say Mr Mitsotakis. With how many Pierakakis are we going to buy a litre, petrol or a packet of macaroni? My mind doesn't go that far to think about that.

So, just to be clear. The Dimitra system is the future of digital transactions. They like it, they don't like it and we don't implement it. It will be implemented. It's the future in countries where central banks, unlike us in Britain, Sweden, Switzerland, China, China, the United States have this digital public trading system, which will go beyond the banking system. And you won't have to pay a toll to buy a coffee from a shop; to make a transfer from one account to another account, this will be built on top of the digital system of central banks for countries that have central banks. The innovation of demitra is that for a long time because I have been working on it and we are working on it with our partners and in Ecuador with Rafael Correa, then because they also have such an issue. They don't have their own central bank because just like we have the euro, they have the dollar. The demitra is such a digital system, which is being set up, founded, built on because we do not have a central bank on Taxis Net on the Taxis Net on the TIN. Each TIN has an account. You transfer Now you don't transfer money from the account to your fame to pay ENFIA traffic fees a bunch of fees nice. With equivalent codes and much easier with mobile apps with plastic cards that we will issue, you will be able to transfer money from one TIN to another TIN to make payments without paying any fees to anyone you will be able to park and its from your savings and get a great equivalent interest rate. Which you will get in the form of time discounts to give you an example instead of having 1000 € in Piraeus on the highway you leave it in the account of the executioner in Euro Mr. Mitsotakis, so that you are not confused, I tell you. And keep a year in a year those 1000 € pay off example 1080 € taxes, you get 80 the equivalent of 80 € interest equivalent of 8% interest. Which bank gives you 8% interest? None, it gets you 8%. Easy, and 10 and 18 and 22 vpn so but if you have 1000 € in if I'm not mistaken it gives 0.6% at the moment then.

Do you understand why they hate us so deeply? If you're a banker The hangman's no funeral is a nightmare. It gives opportunities to the public, it's not mandatory for anyone who wants to use it. But for a banker, the right of the citizen to use the demitra to make payments, to save without having a bank account is the nightmare of the banker who like Latsis, Vardinoyannis, Peristeri, Mytilineos, Confluence demand to have a monopoly on electricity The DEDIE to have a monopoly on your electricity connection so the banker demands to have a monopoly on your payments. If you want to get a pension, you have to put it in his bank and then if you want to get a coffee he will waste you and the coffee shop. It's their nightmare. And it pleases us very much because we live to be the nightmare of the oligarchy, because the only way to liberate the Greek citizens who suffer from the oligarchy from the oligarchy is for us to be their nightmare.

This is just a small piece of our programme. Our Ulysses Red Loan program is even more important and one reason they talk about the executioner is so they don't talk about Ulysses. You know the story of the red loans, but it is worth telling it once more in passing so that we can absorb it. You have a man who got a house 150 grand, in the good times 150 grand. He had the 50; he gave it away and borrowed 100. Out of the 100 he paid off 50, total that is until the crisis started or she herself could no longer repay out of the 150 she had given for the house she had paid off the 100 and she has 50 left. But life is not going well, what can we do? Collapsed the collapse of the Greek economy can not repay. Reduce the loan panotokia the 50 left to owe become 100. A fund based in Delaware or Jersey comes in; it buys this loan that has gone from 50 100 to 3000.

A short pause here in brackets. Bring payroll. Mitsotakis that we have an immediate influx of investment because the fund brought 3 grand into the country? Amazing he says jobs to witness jobs with these direct, no jobs came in and got the loan with 3K he puts it on the hammer 50. The guy who had paid off the 100K gets nothing, he gets thrown out on the street, whether it's a homestead or a small business. And this fund has put 3 down and gotten 47 and taken it to the Cayman Islands. The place won't see it, he's not even like the evil Greek zapper in the Greek black and white movies who was kind of fat who took people's money, but then spent some in the neighborhood. Oh boy, he's going to the Cayman Islands. 70 billion will be transferred that way. There's only one way to stop this. Not with what Syriza says either. SYRIZA, with the proposals it has made, knows what it is doing. It basically secures them. That they will get the 50 of these tells you I'll do a haircut, they won't get the 100, they'll get the ear. They were never going to get the 100 they gave 3K to buy the 100K loan to get 50. The only way is to eliminate the Hercules purchase. Driving these predatory funds out of the country, creating a public company to manage the bad loans, giving this person the right to stay in the house, paying a fee of no more than 1/6th of disposable income, to freeze forever, to keep the percentage of the house that he has already paid off, so that when the loan is paid off at some point, whether it is sold or whatever, he can keep the portion of this borrower's share that he has put from his or her savings over the years for this house. This is the Ulysses program. It is well designed technocratically. But it is also a nightmare of the funds waiting to get 70 billion will go to the Greek kaymans, what can we do? We can't, we either choose our people or the rights of the predators. It is not a difficult choice. It's not a hard choice. I hope you agree.

Speaking of the roof. There is more nonsense than what both the New Democracy and Syriza are saying about the problem of young people who can't find houses to rent or buy a house because they don't have enough money either to pay the rent or to pay a mortgage. The problem says they don't have enough money, we need to subsidize them and they suggest. You hear on the New Republic and Syriza axis a rent subsidy. I mean, how much brains does it take to figure out that if you subsidize the rent, the rent will go up? And then the Greek government will have borrowed more money with no benefit to young couples or older to older couples. The only way to reduce rents is to increase the supply of homes. So the social housing agency. Build eco-friendly neighborhood complexes with sophisticated green technologies to also help domestic production of green technologies in the building industry.

And in final analysis combination the Ulysses, Social Housing Agency, Ban, abolition of the Golden Visa. And immediate restriction of AirBnb. By what right do they give Schengen Visa to a Ukrainian Russian Nigerian Chinese no matter he comes to live in Europe on the basis that he has got a condominium here in Piraeus, nor a condominium with 250 grand he gets which AirBnb does. He doesn't even come to stay in Greece, he goes to Berlin, you go to Paris, Schengen visa. Comes tourists stays in AirBnb the money go American tourists example from the American tourist's American account go to the owner's German account. They don't even cross the country from here we only have the tourist, I'm not saying to come the man, the tourist. But here nothing stays nothing. Absolute zero is radical, number zero. I insist. It stays minus because what is actually happening? It's like a brain drain Here we have a building drain, it's like we've sent our apartment buildings abroad, because they're not rented to Greeks anymore. So the supply of houses is decreasing when your supply is decreasing, because the rents of the others are increasing. We are talking about a dark vortex. With this history, so we say abolition of Golden Visa and extremely.

In a country that this far-right government of Mitsotakis far-right government of Mitsotakis is drowning.Knowing what it is doing in the means that with pushbacks they are deliberately and intentionally drowning people in the Aegean who are trying to reach the coast of Europe to survive.With their children on the boats.We are drowning these people who have given 5000 EUR six thousand EUR people who have nothing their whole village in Ethiopia, Syria, Afghanistan, have raised money to give them to run away. They could have gotten a business class ticket to come for free. Fine to come comfortably and leave some money in the place, We are choking them, But the one who comes with Golden Visa to do so much harm to the social and building web of the country, come on in.

So that's why we are so determined as far as AirBnb is concerned, I have no objection if any of you want to rent your home. For a period of time. Do it. For a period of time you go, say. For example in Thessaloniki for a month to work. And you take the goal for a month. Well, no problem, let's say you can rent it for 60 days, not all at once. You can rent it in May and August, May and June. And under no circumstances of course corporate AirBnb like the ones we are referring to.

Friends and friends are long. This election period. Because unfortunately none of them respect the simple proportional representation. Mr Mitsotakis says so. Mr Mitsotakis. He demands The monstrosity of enhanced proportional representation demands the right to have self-reliance in Parliament with 65% of the Greek people having voted against him. That's what it's like when you hate democracy. You love the power of enhanced proportional representation, but SYRIZA, who voted for simple proportional representation, also voted for it tactically. He voted for it to create a problem for Mitsotakis who was going to come out next.Why am I saying this?I'll tell you when I can't be sure of other people's motives, but if they really loved, appreciated and pained simple proportional representation in a country whose constitution. What does it tell you? Sunday is election day Monday morning. You get the nomination, someone gets the nomination from the President by Wednesday night you have to have CLOSED. Well, from Monday morning to Wednesday night we can sit down and talk about what we were talking about I've been telling you all night about Hercules The energy exchange The European Union has been working on the energy exchange for 20 years. Hercules has been worked on for six years. Don't we want a reasonable amount of time to plan how we will react to them if we do progressive governance under simple proportional representation?  We since the mayor here allowed us, we hosted us in Drapetsona here and held our conference. Since then we invite all progressive parties, what are the progressive parties which they consider to be? We are not we KKE to say with you I'm not talking because you are black reaction. Anyone who thinks they are progressive, and would like to think about the possibility of us being in a coalition government because of a simple proportional representation to talk and because we are the small one, we are ready to go to their offices as well. We are not small, big, come to us we will come to us, no preconditions I said to them, no no red line; none we have our 7 points of intersection that is our program, eh we will not have? We don't say accept it to talk we say these things we say We say what do you say? Let's sit around a table, let us study your proposals, let you study ours. We may not find them, but can't we explore the limits of our disagreements? The room for convergence? If you love simple proportional representation you can't say no to that. The Syriza leadership told us, Come back after the election. After the elections you can't do 2 things, first, progressive program. I'll explain why I'm going to say it again. And the second and more important thing is to forge, relations of comradeship between our world and their world. Because a progressive government, you know, Mitsotakis doesn't need to have a popular movement. He has the oligarchic movement. He doesn't even need to have a program. Mitsotakis the right doesn't want a program. Who's writing it? The bills the 2 law firms of Mytilineos, Melissanidis, Alafouzos, Marinakis, she writes his program.  The other one pretends to be the Prime Minister.

But progressive government means going against them. You have to write your own program. So you need preparation and you need the people out there to be ready to support your government in going up against the media of mass deception with the bankers, with the financiers, with all the people who will do anything to bring you down if you mess with their bosses. This progressive Front movement, when are we going to build it, between Monday morning and Wednesday afternoon? So when they say come after Sunday, what do they say? We don't want a clash with the oligarchy, we want to do everything we've promised the oligarchy or not do any of the things we've promised them we'll do the three sacred geese I was referring to before, not to be touched And you're going to come and get a ministry You guys, you know if I wanted a ministry wouldn't it have been lost that night? We didn't build the day 25 alliance to break up to get a ministerial car we don't love ministerial cars. We're about people, we're not about office.

The reason they dislike the Day 25 coalition for the break so much is that we are breaking the electoral mould. There is an electoral cartel if you see Inside quotes the political marketplace they have split their pockets. They may be bickering a little bit about how it's Coke and Coke digestion. Who may be arguing to get the Coke the Coke digestion booth. They pretty much have split the market between them with some borderline minor tensions between them. The same is sadly true of parties on the left who have rested their audience on their votes in their little shop. We don't care about our little shop. We are interested in breaking with the oligarchy, with capital, with the bureaucrats, we are interested in breaking up this party cartel. We are interested in another way of politics. This is not a question of whether Varoufakis, Androulakis, Tsipras, Mitsotakis will win, the people out there are hardly interested in us personally they are interested in what happens when the PPC bill is opened they are interested in what happens, go to the supermarket when they are called by the rapacious fund surfers and humiliated every day We make them not want to live any longer the young children who have to choose have the hard dilemma that our generation is responsible for having imposed on them, either to stay bent over in this country without dreams, or to go abroad. That's what we care about, we don't care about anything else and you know what? Not even the elections, well we will go to the elections, that's why they are sulking. But they're sulking there because they're living psychotically and they understand that. They feel it in their skin that we don't see these elections as an end in itself we see them as a means to our end, you know what will be important after the elections and I don't mean the first and second elections after a year. Why? Mark my words I think what I'm saying is true. Here today all over the country today that day 25 alliance for rupture we have rallies, we are building more than just a good election result. It is building the new great unruly disobedient militant left, which will rule this country on behalf of the many against the very few, literally and figuratively the very few With the aim that the next generation can look its children in the eye and not be in the situation that we of my generation are in, where we really look you young people in the eye and are ashamed of the Greece we have bequeathed to you. Thank you very much.
