Good evening to Chania Good evening to all. It's nice to be here. And it is a special honour for me to present today the ballot paper for the prefecture of Chania. Before I talk about the ballot paper in particular, 2 references. To 2 fellow comrades. Comrade. Who adorn our state ballot paper Alexandra Kasimi and comrade Psarantoni who is in Heraklion will be with us tomorrow night. It is no small thing to have Kasimi and Psarantonis on a party's state ballot paper.

A little while ago. I'm being interviewed for ERT, one of the questions they asked me. It was. Regarding the episode you heard in Kipseli that Mr. Kyriakos Mitsotakis. In his usual style. He was passing in front of the stalls from the booths of other parties, such as PASOK. SYRIZA. He greeted with his usual smile. And then he also went to the stand of the Mera 25 alliance for rupture, where our fellow comrade refused to shake his hand and I was asked the question. Is this political culture? Well, I will tell you that I answered. This is one of those times when the cadres, the members of the Day 25 Alliance for Rupture outperformed the leadership. Because I confess and I do so with a bit of self-criticism that I would have shaken his hand. Urban Residuals. The companion, the fellow traveler refused to shake his hand and so he put the glasses on me because at the same time.

The costume, Mitsotakis' cops bounced a member of the popular unity, a member of the Day 25 Alliance for the Rupture and a policeman in civilian clothes was booing and running him over. At the police station. Why? At the same time, now that I am here, I remember what happened at the Polytechnic with our youth, who were targeted. Of overt police violence.

Not to mention other forms of violence, such as the abolition of the national health care system by Mitsotakis S.A. The abolition of the national health care system. The institution. The full and exclusive employment of doctors and nurses. 4 years. The Greek people, the Greek women, the Greeks are experiencing a. unbelievable police democracy, which is intertwined with a... Unconcealed plundering of people and nature.

Have no doubt. This government? But also any coalition government with the memorandum parties PASOK and SYRIZA. It will be a disaster for Crete. Already published today in the international press the plans of the United States. For a partnership of Athens Ankara Cairo Egypt, Cyprus Israel and Cyprus. For a sequence of drilling operations targeting the population of Exxon Mobil, Total and Shell. Because all we will receive is pollution. The only thing we will collect is the police democracy that the drilling will bring, which is necessary in order to carry out the plundering not only of nature, not only of natural wealth, of the seas, but also of people, because the Greek State will not receive even 1 euro from this drilling.

Some people say But what are you talking about? Read the sanctions. Read the contracts, the contracts say 11% of Exxonmobil's profits will go to the Greek state. Do you know how much they are fellow travelers? Comrades comrades the 11% of zero, a big zero. But they won't have profits of course and they will have profits. They will have big profits. But who will have the profits? Exxonmobil, Mom. Exxonmobil of America. So here we will have Exxonmobil Hellas, which is a subsidiary of Exxonmobil Mama. Exxonmobil Hellas, I guarantee you, will have zero profits, there's no easier thing in the world, you know what they do? Exxonmobil Hellas. They'll come in, they'll drill here, they'll take out the oil, the gas. They're going to be surging with profits and excess profits while our environment is being destroyed. It will have for example 5 billion in profit. Right? And Exxonmobil will sell mom to Exxonmobil Hellas, a piece of old paper that will be some know-how. A floating rig. Which will cost 5 billion. So the 5 billion profit. Dissipate, cancel. Because the 5 billion that Exxonmobil Hellas or Exxonmobil Greece have supposedly given to Exxonmobil Mom is recorded as a cost. And Exxonmobil Greece's balance sheet will show zero profit. 11% of zero zero. As we used to say. That's what they're doing.

And unfortunately, and I say this with a heavy heart. Do you know who first brought these kinds of contracts to the Greek parliament? SYRIZA. The conventions of the New Democracy were carbon copies. They were carbon, and who voted for them from the opposition benches? SYRIZA. It's not even that they said what we did wrong, you guys. Now we are in opposition, we have learned a lesson. And we are aligning the interests of the Greek people with the interests of the nature of humanity. I'm afraid that I'm afraid, I'm not afraid, I'm glad because this will not exist, even mining or even exist when they start to pump oil and gas. They will stop because the cost will be too high. The revenue will be very little compared to renewables. This is all being done to eat now. They have fallen like predators with golden knives and forks. All these contracts today you know they are currently paying them back in 2 ways. The studies that make 10 million here and 10 million there, the Greek state pays for them. All this is being done in Lamborghini in Kifissia, real estate in Chania, investments in the Cayman Islands. Today, the second way, do you know what it is? They make derivatives in which they sell the future revenues. The future revenues of Exxonmobil, and today they sell them and sell them like they used to sell the future tolls under Semitic, you remember, they used to sell the future tolls, and that is what they are doing today, eating with golden spoons. This is what Mitsotakis SA means and this is what a SYRIZA who silenced them even before Mitsotakis SA was created, when Alexis Tsipras was still Prime Minister.

Friends and friends, fellow comrades, comrades-in-arms, comrades. The stakes of these elections. It is one, one and only. The many people out there, who are licking their wounds. Because even the supporters and voters of the New Democracy, most of whom are popular people who can't cope. And they're locked into the people's right, like the People's Party used to be, like the EPP used to be, like New Democracy is today. They have bought into the narrative. That things can be bad. But there is no alternative. There is no greater plague on a country that is not sustainable than this narrative no one says things are good, even those who vote for Mitsotakis. If you meet them on the street, you meet them here in Chania, they will tell you say leave it, I'm not coming out, I'm not coming out. What is this about taxes? With the tax prepayments, they have broken us up, the New Democrats themselves tell you. But here's the toxicity.

The success of the Media Deception system has convinced them that there is no alternative, that the world we live in may suck, but it is the best of all possible worlds. That's how reaction wins. It convinces the grassroots that its misery is a one way street and any hope for change is an illusion.

This is where we will never forgive Alexis Alexis Tsipras for describing the possibility of an alternative reality as an illusion, because when this is done in the name of the radical left, the radical left has annihilated itself, comrades, comrades-in-arms. So does this narrative exist? That Greece is in a difficult situation there is no alternative we are in a sustainable stable situation compared to 2011 12 15. That things want to be managed within this what we call the European framework, which has nothing to do with Europe, it is the Troika framework, because what they call the European framework does not exist in Portugal it does not exist in Germany it only exists here in the Chreodoulo, Greece.

When they say but what are you talking about Varoufakis to reduce the 24% VAT by 15%. Europe will not let us. What Europe? In Germany as we speak the VAT is 19. So there is no European requirement to have 24% VAT. What we have is 100% prepaid tax. 100% prepayment does not exist in any other country in the European Union, not in any other country, so it is not a European cheque. It is a troika, it is a memorandum. When they threaten us that if you dare to reduce VAT and abolish prepayment of tax they will close your banks. This is the voice of the boss called the troika. The troika is supposed to be gone. When we say we're going to abolish the Super Fund. Think about it. Do you realise that there is no Super Fund in any country in the world, not in Europe. Do you realise that? All this fuss has been made and we thank the New Democracy trolls very much for making all this fuss about Demetra. One of the questions they asked me: Mr Varoufakis, is there anywhere else in Europe where Dimitra exists? The answer I gave them was: 'You are not telling me that there is no such thing as the Hermitage Fund anywhere else in Europe? There you have no problem doing innovative things. You say we can do them if they are plundering the Greek people because the Hyperfund is an innovation that exists only in Greece out of all the countries in the world, but they have no problem with it.

We have a problem when you make an innovation that lightens the burden on the Greek people, like Demetra, which takes out 2 billion in gouge payments that the bankers impose on you to manage your own money to make payments to each other.

Superfund. If Hitler. saw what was going on with the Super Treasury, he would have been struck, he would have said, but I did the invasion of Crete, the battle of Crete, we were killed, he sent the Wehrmacht into mainland Greece. I could have sent the Troika to set up a Super Fund. The Wehrmacht never thought of setting up a Superfund, think about what a Superfund is. They set up a superfund, that's what they call it in English, and they put all the public property into it, whatever is left that they haven't already sold off. Beaches, archaeological sites, highways, infrastructure. Land, air, sea, everything in the Superfund. Okay, that in itself is not bad. You create a public body because it is officially a public body and you stuff all the public property into it. Yeah. But where does the fact that we are under occupation lie? The board of directors has a chairman of the Treasury. Who's going to appoint the chairman? The troika. It has a vice-chairman. Who appoints the vice-chairman? The troika. And what does the statute say that the Chairman and Vice Chairman decide everything and nothing can be decided without the Chairman and Vice Chairman. In other words, we are the only country on the planet, not in Europe, on the planet where public property is owned, by foreigners, by foreign conquerors. That's why I tell you Hitler will be beaten up, he tells you I've done nonsense. I didn't think of a troika. And a super fund.

We are the only party, the only party that has a specific proposal for the Yperta Fund. Not just abolishing it, obviously. But to transfer the public assets from the Superfund to a, a new Development Bank and at the same time a new agricultural bank. We don't have the troika sold it, gave it to Sala, but it was taken by a common law criminal who took over Piraeus, Mr. John Paulsen. Transfer of public assets to these 2 banks, public banks as their new capital base to start flowing investment money to small and medium sized businesses and farmers. Specific proposal. That's why they hate us, because this specific proposal to anybody you say it to, whether they're a neo-democrat or a pasok or a Syriza, they will tell you it makes sense, it does. Have you heard about the Council of State that it once stood up and said NO to the privatisation of water and even demanded, and this is to their credit, that the shares of EYDAP and EYDATH, that is, the water supply and sewerage company of Attica on the one hand and Thessaloniki on the other, be transferred out of the State Treasury and go back to the public sector, quite rightly.

Mitsotakis hasn't done it yet, he said, he will do what? The Council of State is imposing it on him. Do you know why he doesn't do it? Because he's waiting for the lenders to tell him no. These are our shares, they said, they're in our super fund. And they're looking for equivalents, friends. What does that mean they're going to give property that they haven't put in the Superfund yet to convince the lenders to say okay this is the equivalent of your water shares. Take it. We are under occupation at the behest of New Democracy, PASOK and SYRIZA who set up the Super Fund.

Energy Exchange. SYRIZA says that it will protect households from the excess profits of the PPC privatized by Kyriakos Mitsotakis. He says, we will nationalize it, he says by buying its shares. Are we going to go now? With the Greek people's money to take the shares from the predatory fund CVC, which has taken over PPC. And to do it first we have to give money to the predators, let's put that aside and do it what do we get? George Stathakis. My former colleague from the universities, my former comrade in arms of the Syriza government. He committed a crime when he introduced the energy exchange and presented it to the people of Chania to the people of Greece as a salvation because he says it will reduce the bills of the PPC. We have seen this dear George. What Stathakis and Tsipras did, under the orders of the Troika, of course, they did not think of this themselves, they just saved the country once again. By saying yes to everything. It is worse than what Margaret Thatcher did in Britain with the privatisation of the British power utility. Let us grasp this and let us not say that Varoufakis is a Thatcherite because he says that Tsipras and Stathakis' energy exchange was worse than Thatcher's.

I spent my youth in every demonstration in every picket line against the Thatcher government in the 10 years I lived in Britain, but I'm sitting here in front of you and I look you in the eye and I tell you that Tsipras and Stathakis, at least on the PPC issue, were worse than Thatcher, because how did Thatcher convince the British to accept the energy exchange? He says to them, listen. Obviously there was no problem with the British PPP. They didn't have a troika either. She had to somehow convince them why she would break something that was working fine, the public power company. She tells them this. Are you not telling me, fellow countrymen? To the British, my fellow citizens. How much do we pay for a kilowatt hour? 20 is a number off the top of my head. So 20 is fine, so here's what we're going to do, Thatcher says. We're going to cap it at 20. The price will never go above 20, never ever. We'll legislate a maximum price that we have today. Just to be on the safe side, and I'm going to create a market, an energy exchange, privatise it, break the public energy production and distribution system down to its bare bones, add private companies into it and create a market. Leave it to me if they can get the price down below 20, do you have a problem with that? You'll pay less. Even if they didn't manage 20 was the maximum you don't mind if you go ahead and even did something else under so-called people's capitalism which was a Goebbelsian propaganda thing that Thatcher did, but it worked. Instead of giving the privatised PPP to a predatory fund, as the great Kyriakos did. What did he do? He said, I will give it to the people, I will sell, he says the family silver to the people and he did it, how? They can't, the raiders, the oligarchs, big business, no, they didn't buy the shares of the PPC. He broke the shares into small packages respectively of a thousand euros and said, no one can buy more than 1000 €. People's capitalism. And even because he was particularly perceptive what does he do? He priced the little packet of shares he sold for a grand, so that the next day, when those shares started to be bought and sold on the stock exchange, they were sure to sell for 2000. In other words, he undervalued the shareholder package, so you as an employee knew. As a proletarian, as a middle class as a rich person what you get something that does a thousand to a thousand and the next day you can sell it at 2000. That's what Thatcher did.

What did Stathakis and Co. do here? Build an energy exchange without a cap. Thatcher had put a cap to prevent the price of energy from rising here, says Stathakis, we will leave it to the market. What market, what stock exchange, comrades, what stock exchange? When you have Mytilineos, Vardinoyannis, Latsis, Peristeri and CVC. That's not a stock exchange, it's a café of misfortune. 5 people sit around a table and do you know how they decide the price you pay for electricity? Says Pigeon's horde of doves. Guys, I say we give them 100 what do you say? 100 euros. What does Vardinoyannis say? Come on, you're too skinny, make it 150. Here comes Latsis, guys, nonsense. We have targets of 200. Here comes Mytilineos, who is a bit more wise, and who is usually a bit more awake, and we'll set it at 200, then they will die and it will be as if we have killed the cow that we want to milk tomorrow and the day after tomorrow. Put it at 140. This is how they find this is the energy stock market of Georgios Stathakis and Alexios Tsipras.

And this was passed on to us as a statute as a policy in the name of the radical left. A greater defeat for the international Left than that capitulation, the transformation of the brave NO of 62% of the Greek people into a YES to all this nonsense, to all these processes and to the mechanisms of plundering the many, has never happened where I go, whether I go to France or I go to Germany, whether I go to Cuba or I go to Mexico. Do you know what everyone is telling me? Our fellow travellers, our comrades there what was that which we all received together on that night of the referendum of 05/07/15 all the leftists, all the revolutionaries, all the progressives all over the world are crying even today, 7 years later, 8 years later for that crushing of the World Democratic Left of the World Struggle Left. That's why there is the Day 25 alliance for rupture. Because we cannot allow. In the name of the logic of the lesser evil, because there is no doubt. Syriza is a lesser evil than New Democracy, but yet this logic of the lesser evil leads to the greatest evil. Because the whole political scene is shifting further and further to the right. Space is created for fascism and Nazism when in the name of the Left you do something like this energy exchange in the name of the Left, not to mention Hercules.

Not to mention Hercules who legislated the digital market for securitized red loans? Thatcher didn't dare do that. Macron didn't dare do that. Samaras didn't dare do that. The Syriza government did that. And it comes after. Mitsotakis finds this ready and builds Hercules on top of it and we have a situation. Comrades who are unique. It has never been done before in world capitalism and this is also a message to the KKE. Don't say this is how capitalism is, capitalism must be defeated. All over the world, but Greek capitalism is the most ruthless of all. Think of what Hercules is. In Chania here. Somebody got a property, either a shop or a house in the better times with 150 grand and 50 grand up front. And he took out a loan for 100. The 150 had put the 50 down and took out 100 loans out of the 100 he paid off the 50, so he had put 100 out of pocket. And he had 50 left and then the wages go down, the income goes down, it's a shop, the turnover goes down, the pension goes down and he can't make ends meet. And the loan starts to go red and the loan that was 100, had gone to 50 now it's back up to 100 with the overdrafts and a fund from Ireland comes in from Delaware based in Delaware. Delaware why? Because Delaware is the only state in the United States where you can go now, with some money, so you can set up a company and the American President can't know who you are. A corporation completely anonymous. No one can know who owns it, not even the President of the United States for this Delaware, which is a tiny state, has the most corporations in the world. And of course, bank account of this fund from Ireland, in the Cayman Islands, where they pay no tax at all. So another they call it tax heaven, what a tax haven, tax hell. For the people of the world. So here comes this fund, Intrum what do they call it? You know. Who has red loans? Show of hands. I see in the Day 25 alliance for the rupture, we have managed not to, come to it. It's not shame, shame is those who buy the red loans shame is those who set up the legislated mechanisms of looting those who have red loans shame is those who set up the legislated mechanisms of looting those who have red loans. So this fund comes in and buys gives 3K 3K to get this red loan of 100. 3000, it has given. Mitsotakis is asking you, he's asking us, to cheer because he says we had foreign direct investment. Have you heard foreign direct investment talked about? What does he think they are coming here to invest in jobs? That 3 grand they put in to get you that 100 loan they call foreign direct investment. And what do they do? They put your house under the hammer. Let's say they sell it for 50 what you got 150 you put 100 out of your pocket you get nothing. The guys who sell 50 have put in three grand and make 47,000 on Cayman Island. Legally, it's not illegal to export currency. Do you know that Syriza first and New Republic afterwards have legislated that legally they take it without paying tax and take it out to Cayman Island s do you realize that it is not illegal? The most illegal is legal. They will make 70 billion through this market that way. Because that's a lot of numbers to give you an order of magnitude. In Greece, in our country, this country for the national health system and for education. Public education, universities, schools, kindergartens, secondary schools, high schools and hospitals. We give 11, 11 they will make 70 and go to Cayman Islands. And you know what, if we don't make it, the devil breaks his leg. We have ordered them, not you and me and the Greek state. Mitsotakis A E have given them a 23 billion public guarantee.

Which I beg you very much when someone from SYRIZA comes to tell you that they also have a support program for the main house, because we read it with the support program of the Public Sector for the main house. Do you know what it is? It's a manifesto in favour of predatory funds. The Syriza's supposedly primary home and small business and farmland support program. And I'll be specific, what does it say? It says. The fund will take a haircut and 50%. So the government, if you don't have to pay what the primary residence is asking for, will subsidize you to pay into the fund. Remember the numerical example? The fund comes in with 3K to take your 100 loan, you know it's not going to make 100, it wants to make 50. He wants to put in 3, make 47, and the rest will be mowed down. What is Syriza doing? The same thing. You're going to get the 50 what that is that the fund that SYRIZA wants the fund guarantees it and guarantees that the borrower will be subsidized to pay the rest to the fund so that they don't put the house under the hammer. With what money will he be subsidised? The government doesn't have it we will borrow it from the troika to give to the borrowers to pay the funds. And if they don't get that, we'll give them all 23 billion. Because Syriza is clear, they are not abolishing Hercules, they are not abolishing the 23 billion guarantee, Syriza says. We will come out, he says to the government and we will immediately issue a legislative act. In which we will abolish the auctions or put them on ice for some time for how long? For a month over the summer and then they will start again because that is something you have to tell them as well. You have to open the eyes of the good people who are stuck in Syriza and don't even know what their leadership is telling them. And there are too many good people in SYRIZA who are staying there just to see Mitsotakis fall, but they don't understand that the seed of evil is a memorialist, it doesn't understand colors, it doesn't get down, it doesn't understand posters, it doesn't care if Androulakis, Mitsotakis or Tsipras is in government, we might care because it's unsightly to see Mitsotakis in Maximou. But for the predatory fund and for the borrower, he doesn't care because all these parties of memorandum do exactly the same thing, they may have different aesthetics. If I had to choose with whom I would eat dinner tonight here in Chania with a Syriza or a neo-democrat and of course I would like to eat with the Syriza because we have the same tastes, we have listened to the same music, we have been together for a while and for a while so aesthetically culturally we are closer. So how can we do it? But what difference does it make to the man whose house is being taken away? When Syriza's primary home support programme is a manifesto of support for the predatory fund that takes his house away, it makes no difference to him for her. We in the Day 25 Alliance for Rupture are for these people, we are not for the predatory funds, we are not for the offices. Tell them something else. To unleash them. Whether they are in PASOK, whether they are in New Democracy, whether they are in Syriza. When we say when you say we want, he says, and Androulakis said it. We will introduce a new Katseli law to stop the auctions. Yes, but that means if you don't abolish Hercules that I have to give them the 23 billion because you have given it to them. It's in the law that you won't repeal. You're going to go to the troika to take 23 of it to a state that gives health and education a total of 11 to give to the coffers to take to the Cayman Islanders.

We are the only party that speaks the language of reason and truth. We abolish Hercules. We replace it with Odysseus and create a public company to manage red loans. We throw the funds out to sea. Into the fire. And we solve his problem with the technically sound solution we have submitted as a legislative proposal. We're not asking you to believe us. We've already submitted the bill. In other words, there is a bill already ready since December 2020 filed in Parliament. And it has been 2 years now. We ask from SYRIZA from KKE, from Antarsya from all people on the left, even in PASOK. Come and talk about what will be done to protect the main house. We have this proposal for a law, come and tell us where we are wrong and what you are proposing that makes sense, but that does not promise populist things that require the break that you are not prepared to make that you say will abolish the auctions, but then what will you do with the 23 billion? We held a conference in Athens, in Gazi, in Technopolis of the Municipality of Athens. None of them came.

We said if we don't sit down and talk so you don't talk to us later on about progressive governance and so on because progressive governance will do? You're up against Hercules, that market dream with the red loans. Do you know how long it took them to set this up 6 years the Frankfurt predators at the European Central Bank studied it, first they piloted it in Italy and then brought it here we what? From Monday morning until Wednesday afternoon we will agree on how to replace this Herculean dream of the Energy Exchange of the Super Fund. So when they tell us to come together in government, to get rid of Mitsotakis, do you know what they are saying? Come and legalise the grab. The plundering of people and nature in Greece, what does the leadership of Syriza tell us when they refer us to them after the elections? It says go to Chania, talk to the people and the youth. Talk to them about the abolition of the Energy Exchange. Talk to them about abolishing Hercules. Talk to them about the Demeter, which abolishes the fees that the bankers charge you to use your pensions, your salaries, to make payments to the shops. Talk to them about the need for no mining, not only in Crete, but also in Epirus, nor in the Aegean and the Eastern Mediterranean. Talk to them about reclaiming, which only in the Day 25 Alliance for Rupture we talk about, about creating a new Non-Aligned movement. No Putin, no NATO. Go to Cuba, go to Mexico, make these alliances, with Brazil, with President Lula. And then May 21 in the evening, maybe 22, on Monday, come and make me Prime Minister, make us Ministers, so we don't do any of this. That's what we're being told, do you realise that? They weren't slaughtered. We're not going to do that.

There are too many people out there. Who are highly skeptical of parties. I understand them. We sympathize with them, they have every right. After the people were overthrown on the night of the referendum. When a Radical Left party asked the people to be brave. And the people showed unbelievable bravery, they went against all the international centres of oligarchy without borders, they went against the European Central Bank with its closed banks, they went against Brussels, they went against Berlin, he went against Washington, against the International Monetary Fund, against the mass deception media that terrorized him in his living rooms in his house with the TVs every night and told him if you vote no, we will have Armageddon. And these people voted 63% No Pasaran voted no pass. Don't back down, they were telling me here in Chania. I remember 25/03 I had come with Danae. And we were then with the others, with Polakis and the others,break. Don't back down. Do not dare to betray. That night they subverted the people in the name of the Left, how with Meimarakis do you remember Pavlopoulos in the presidential palace? PASOK. Potami. And with the KKE, which came out through the representative of the General Secretary Dimitris Koutsoumbas, outside the Presidential Palace. And what did he say at that moment when the Greek people's no was overturned? What are you waiting for? It was logical. No denunciation of the overthrow of the people, not even by the representative of the Communist Party of Greece. Look at the first video on Youtube there is still there it is sad.

We are here because we succeeded 4 years ago, with the help of many of you. I thank you from the bottom of my soul that you were together then and those of you who were together then and those of you who put the NO vote back in Parliament because that NO vote was not just a no vote, it was the resistance of a small people against a large, relentless army of oligarchs and predators. We bled and sweated the jersey for 4 years in Parliament. A handful of MPs and women MPs. We testified. Solid, technocratic and politically progressive proposed laws, amendment after amendment we did work that normally if you look at the volume, the volume and the quality of the work, you would think that these were 70 MPs. It can't be 5 or 6. We were 5, 6. And the most pleasing thing. After our first consultative conference. We made a mass call. For unity for unity of the left we opened the doors of our party, the arms of all of us. Our souls to people who were unaffected people, wounded people, who like us had been wounded that night of the referendum, some had been idiots, some had gone to the water movements, trade union movements, movements, women's ecological movements, refugee movements. And of course tremendous joy, and I see many, many of you here today that the People's Unity has joined us, that the children of Arras are with us. That we are the Maya for the new great left for the militant disobedient disobedient selfless left, which uses the next election and the election after that to lay the foundations for a left that will not compromise, that will not bow its head, but that will govern will have the claims of a government program, which. Technocratically sound on the one hand and politically radical on the other, it will be able to create a new left proposal that will pay its debt to the International Left, to our comrades in Brazil, Mexico, Germany, Germany, Britain, Ireland, India, Africa. People of the left who were so hurt by our capitulation in 2015, because the only way to be a patriot is to be an internationalist and the only way to be an internationalist is to be a patriot. This election is a dress rehearsal. Do not make the mistake of believing that a government will be formed. Mitsotakis wants to burn them. He wants to roll another dice to get the 40 seat bonus of the rigged enhanced proportional representation. You know enhanced proportional representation is a little bit like enhanced interrogation the CIA when they brought back legally now after the Twin Towers, the torture on their agenda they didn't call it torture, they called it enhanced interrogation when Tsipras signed the fourth memorandum, the troika, they called it enhanced oversight.

Enhanced proportional representation means the end of democracy, it means the end of proportional representation, it means monstrosity. Mr Mitsotakis, you are demanding that you govern on your own authority against the 65% of the people who are against you, not to mention 75% if you include abstention.

We are the only ones who honour the simple proportional representation. We are not a JPC, we do not say that we have a monopoly on truth, wisdom and purity because we respect people who are locked into other parties. Who are pure. Who want what we want and we ultimately want, who vote for Tsipras to prevent Mitsotakis from coming out, who may still be locked in because they remember Andreas Papandreou in PASOK who is in KKE because they respect his history, as we respect it by the way.

For 4 years now they have been saying that Varoufakis voted for a memorandum by the KKE, through the Guide, the Rizospastis. Koutsoumpas called me a Soros man. Something which I don't know if he himself understood, it started as a rumour from Golden Dawn and the fascist Stochos, the black and spidery newspaper of the Peloponnese. And then Stournaras had taken it and spread it and Koutsoubas took it afterwards. How do we react? We treat them as comrades. I'm coming out, I came out to the parliament. And I said about the Kasidiaris party. That the main reason we are voting against is that this amendment is the beginning of an effort and Tzimeros proved it the day after the communists were blocked. First the communists, then us. And what is it? It is an example of how untruthful the European Union is when every 23 August it lumps communists and Nazis together on that holiday against Nazism and communism, as if we did not know that if it had not been for the communists in the 1940s, the whole of Europe from the Atlantic to the Urals would have been Nazi. This is how we respond and this is how we will continue to step on the people of the KKE, even the leadership of the KKE, which is plaguing us, telling us mounds of the system, the familiar ones, heard that? We say to them. Comrades. If we do not succeed. To put a brake on the creepers of the oligarchy of the capital oligarchy of imperialism. We'll be in the same cells. We treat you as comrades. Whatever you do, we turn the other cheek.

The unity of the left is everything. People's Unity Aras Mera 25. Alexandra Kasimi. Alexandra, Christos is with us. Christos is with us. And may I be mocked for what I say. The unity of the left is the only hope that the people and nature have it is impossible to be an ecologist if you are not a socialist communist it is impossible to be a socialist communist without believing in democracy, freedom and ecology. We have to marry these things and create this new great left. On this basis of comradeship, of truth, of a technocratically advanced conception, which other party speaks of techno-feudalism?

Something that the guys who work at e Food, at Vault, at Skroutz live it. Every day you know that today the janitors, the most brutal janitors in the field of capitalist exploitation and work are not people, they are algorithms. Do you know how they are breaking the unions that are going to be born in the new technologies? Through algorithms. They know who is more prone to unionism and when they are motorbike deliveries, the algorithm is programmed to send them twice the distance in the rain, to deleverage. The algorithm doesn't do that, man does that. Which party has a view and position on the role played by a new form of capital that lives in the cloud, it's the computational cloud. Why? New forms of generalised exploitation are being created. Through new forms of capital based on digital technology.

We love digital technology, we have proven it, which other party hasapplication for mobile? Download it day 25, whether you have an iPhone or you have Android. You'll find a map of what's going on around you. From the day 25 alliance for rupture right now what other party do you know that we have built day 25 chatbot day 25 you ask him question you tell him what is his day 25 alliance for rupture policy, on Greek-Turkish? And he answers you, he doesn't show you text ready he scans all the texts, all the speeches of our executives and our members and makes through artificial intelligence. We love technology, we love artificial intelligence, but because we are Marxists, what do we say? What matters is who owns the means of production, who owns these technical means? There is no social democracy, it's over. We can't believe that the state will regulate the markets, the state doesn't understand the markets anymore, it doesn't have the capacity to do so. We want a communal ownership of the socialisation of the means of production, especially artificial intelligence. Especially what we call cloud capital, the capital that lives digitally now. We are a party that respects the history of the left of the Marxist left, of anarcho-syndicalism that knew that the enemy is not only capital, but also the bureaucrat. The history of the EAM ELAS. The history of the Polytechnic, the history of 114 before it,the history of the 2015 rupture that never became a model. That's why we first say break with the day 25 alliance for the break and yet at the same time we look ahead we speak the language of modern technology, because we know that the new modern, generalized forms of exploitation will be made on the basis of modern technology. If we do not succeed in socializing the most advanced capital that is being born today in both the United States and China.

Our position on the Ukrainian Do you know any other party that has a position on the Ukrainian issue? Everybody has a position, it's NATO's position. Whatever NATO says. Mitsotakis, Tsipras Androulakis, whatever NATO says, have you heard any of the progressive Androulakis and Tsipras? To condemn the effort of the United States. This carnage in Ukraine extend into perpetuity because on the one hand you have a criminal, Putin I called a criminal in 2001 when he killed 250,000 Chechens to establish the autocracy of the Chancellor and himself in 2001. Jeremy Corbyn and I had met in Hyde Park 3 people were Jeremy myself and another. And we were protesting against Putin's coterie visiting London at the time and the whole establishment of pro see ideals and petting him and doing buisness together.

So don't anyone dare to call us little birds, especially on the channels of Alafouzos and Vardinoyannis. Criminals who, while they are transporting his oil in their tanks, call us little birds.

We are the only party that says neither Putin nor NATO.No more war. This war will only have losers. It is not a war of liberation for anyone. The Ukrainians have every right to resist when Putin's troops enter, but we Europeans are silencing ourselves with a war without end, and think of the cowardice. Think here, we are not talking about international brigades. It's like the Spanish Civil War where all the progressive people went to help the Republicans. The leftist socialists, communists, anarcho-syndicalists to win the war against Franco. Here they send weapons but they don't send troops. They want this war to continue until the last drop of Ukrainian blood.

And at the same time, they have, with the signature of Alexis Tsipras, handed over Alexandroupolis to the US military as their most important base, they have put Greece at the centre of nuclear war. Without any benefit in terms of our national issues. For example, Turkey. As far as the economic uplift of this country is concerned. We are talking about dependence, dependence. Yesmen, as Andreas Papandreou once told us, are those to whom those to whom they keep saying yes, keep saying yes, treat them with disgust. They treat Mitsotakis with disgust, do you understand that? Tsipras, Androulakis, the bosses in the mask.

Mera 25 Alliance for Rupture we are clear new movement of the uncommitted, Europe must be liberated from its oligarchy, the European Union must be liberated, Europe from NATO, Greece must be liberated. Souda must be closed. These are timeless demands. We have failed. My generation. I remember in the 70s when we were shouting EEC and NATO the same union, we hoped that we would have escaped until now we have not escaped but this is also a message and so I will close to not bore you any more.

It is a message to young people. And to the young people we see. You are doomed like every young generation to fight the same fight, the same good fight over and over and over again at least now we have a faction, the day 25 alliance for the break that will never betray you, we may lose, it won't betray you, but because it won't betray you and we don't care to lose. We would rather lose than compromise. In the end we will win. Venceremos, we move on. And now I'm going to take out the magic card. Because the race is international. It is pan-European. It's a nationwide panhellenic, but it's also local and here in this place in the prefecture of Chania. We have the immense pleasure, in addition to Alexandra and Psarantonis, to have them represent us on the national ballot paper. We have dear dear comrades, fellow travellers. Who have either been with us from the very first moment, or people who have the great, very great pleasure of having our paths converge again after some years of divergence, and this proves it. You know what? That we know how to overcome disagreements of tactics, because strategy and ideology, we've never had to put bitterness aside. And to unite, setting a good example to all those people of the movements and the left who will join us after the elections. Because they will realize: First, that we do not compromise and second, that we mean what we say about people, not about offices. Athena Giannoulaki, Come on up. Alphabetically, right? Yannis Patrelakis. He's coming. It's going to be like socialism is slow. Myrto Paschalidis is sick of the sick and sinful wayfarers, Nikos Zarras, come on Niko. Virginia, Bubblegum. He's in Athens. He's coming. And of course we have Doris Hakim Piperakis. I don't count Piperakis. The Chaniotian, Palestinian. Well, I'll hand them over to you. Patrelaki, what happened? Come on, my boy, the youth. The youth is all interviewed. Hello, John. I have a request. Alexandrakis said Oh, come on, Alexandra, you too. Your symbolic weight is infinite, infinite and we thank you very much for being with us. I have a request from each and every one of you. A request that this race be enjoyed. We have a sacred obligation to have a good time. To do the struggle with a smile, to really find happiness in what we do, because we are not doing it for the offices, we are not doing it for power, we are doing it to take power, to hand it over to you, especially the youth, because we are done. All we can do is a what capital we have to put it in your special, in the service, in the service of the youth. Thank you very much.