Friends, here in Chania today we are sending a message of victory and hope for the rebirth of PASOK throughout Greece to all democrats, to all progressive Greeks. We are a few days before the upcoming national elections. Critical national elections, where our political opponents, who used to say that they wanted cooperation with PASOK, now have only one goal: to stop the rise of the democratic party. Their problem is PASOK. That is the real opponent of Mr Mitsotakis and Mr Tsipras. They see the danger of ungovernability. There is no danger of ungovernability. After the elections there will be a government. There is a danger of immobility, arrogance and institutional decline, which is the main focus of the system of Kyriakos Mitsotakis.

Both of them. Both Mr Mitsotakis and Mr Tsipras think that they will redeem the conscience of the Greek people with a plethora of benefits, but the people have a memory of the 2015 mockery and the 2019 mockery, and they have the impression that they will do so. That they will buy off the new generation with the Youth Pass of 150€. The new generation wants the job prospect and dignity with 150 €. All they can achieve is to trivialise the political life of the country.

I must admit that I find it difficult to understand what is going on with the Prime Minister, his arrogance had been noticed and had long ceased to surprise me.His lack of empathy was also something I had spotted and I was not at all surprised by his inability to identify with public sentiment and one or stand up for the problems facing the Greek people.What has always impressed me is the ease with which he distorts reality and underestimates our intelligence. Every day Kyriakos Mitsotakis reminds me more and more of Mr Tsipras. I did not expect him to compete with him in lying, questioning even the official OECD figures. The figures used by all the governments of the western world. But what leaves me stunned is his behaviour in the wiretapping scandal. From Rhodes he addressed his friends of PASOK to all of you, saying that we have moved elsewhere and I am taking you elsewhere.Who is saying this? The one who started 2019 by advocating a modern executive state and ended up heading an executive parastate? The champion of direct assignments? The champion of corruption? The champion of temporary employees paid for by your taxes?

He dares to accuse us of being statists, the one who turned the state into a personal booty for himself and his company. We have seen that we have entered the debate not only on the economic debate on Greece's fiscal future, but also on a debate on the country's leading position in terms of institutions of democratic quality. We have become internationally finger-pointed for the violation of human rights and the rule of law. This humiliation must not be tolerated by the people on 21 May. Therefore, vote for the party that respected human rights and created quality democracy and the rule of law. When in 1981 it put the post-civil war right-wing parastate in the dustbin of history.

Friends. But who is the real opponent of New Democracy? Tomorrow the Prime Minister will be interviewed in a Sunday newspaper, showing his real obsession and his real agony. His anguish is only one, that the democratic party for PASOK should not be reborn, because he knows very well who the opponent of New Democracy is, and he also knows very well that if Tsipras had not been the official opposition, his government would already be a thing of the past under the weight of the scandals of the last few months. The only thing keeping him standing is the opposition of SYRIZA opposition without ballast. On the one hand local currencies, on the other hand theories about Evros that legitimize Erdogan's hybrid children and, of course, finally, the imitation of Andreas Papandreou. Andreas Papandreou and Aegean Prespes do not go together, Mr Tsipras.
Andreas Papandreou and the sea without borders do not go together, Mr Tsipras, because PASOK was democratic and is a democratic and patriotic movement and does not play with our national issues.

Friends. I have received a mandate.From 270,000 friends of the democratic party. I have pledged to you and I pledge to you here in Chania that I will not do them the favour of having a crutch leader. PASOK has returned as a leading actor, I understand. I understand that Mr Mitsotakis wanted another PASOK, an easy PASOK, a strategic ally. PASOK has history, social roots and dignity and will speak the word of progress and truth, without counting the cost. But who is giving me lessons? The leader of the Bats? Who speculated with millions of euro loans with the toil and sacrifice of the Greek people? The prime minister of fiscal populism who feeds rabbits and stones. He even said that he would increase private sector wages by 25 to 100. Here are many small businessmen and women how will he raise wages in the private sector 25%? By royal decree? In what economy? In the economy where there is currently a huge devaluation and over-taxation where thousands of small SMEs are being extorted by the funds? In this economy.

So we are saying something very simple. We continue on our autonomous course and we do not want to drag anyone into blind conflicts. We say realistically what must happen for the future of the country. Mr Tsipras is propagandizing to scare the progressives that he says we have already settled with Mr Mitsotakis. But how can that be? Those of Syriza have come to terms with New Democracy and those of New Democracy have come to terms with Syriza. You know, all this rhetoric is aimed at only one thing. To stop this new course. That's why I call on each and every one of you to fight a 9-day race and on May 21 to send Tsipras and Mitsotakis to the dustbin of history. Enough of the toxicity and division they have offered to Greek society. PASOK is here united strong embracing the anguish and hope of all the Greek people.

Friends, I hear the communication arms of Mr Tsipras talking about the blackmailed and the taken. As soon as there was a question of morality the next day, the one who had insulted the Greek people was off our ballot papers. The most sinopic unwise and the blackmailer is the one whose best friend was convicted 13-0, a the special court and instead of sending it home, has him adorn the ballot papers of SYRIZA to call a spade a spade.

9 days left and we are fighting against two dangerous systems of power that instead of offering unity and perspective to the Greek people, they are playing dangerous games and offer only division and toxicity. Instead of hope they invest in fear. They do not hesitate to enlist their digital parastate to seize power. So I say here from Chania. From our homeland in Crete, do not give in to terrorism and fear. Invest in hope and perspective for you, your children and your grandchildren. Remember who is the party that gave dignity to the Greek people? Who is the party that built the great projects, Who is the party that brought quality democracy and who are those who condemn us to a land of lost opportunities by sending thousands of Greek children abroad. 21 May, the end of depravity. An end to division. Yes to hope, yes to perspective.

Friends. A strong PASOK is an obstacle and a mound. The sun will rise, with the struggles, with the efforts of all of us. All of us together proudly raise the sun of PASOK, the flag of the democratic party. Friends. On 21 May, we have a duty to put up a barrier to populism and to clientelistic elitism. The deterioration of our political culture cannot continue. The discounting of democratic values or the erosion of constitutional institutions, the trivialisation of parliamentary morals, the devaluation of our intelligence. We have a duty to support people and parties that invest in progress, in reason, in reason, in reason, in respect for the man of the land and the environment. To offer new models away from buffoonery away from clientelistic philosophies, away from playing games with the domestic elite and the domestic oligarchy and I pledge here from Chania that we will confront any powerful undermining the public interest and the perspective of the Greek people. We have a duty to ensure dignity and perspective.

But what does trust mean for PASOK? Trust means that every Greek citizen feels secure with his family, with his efforts, with his children. In Tempe, everyone said that this is what it was like to be so far, and they were right. 57 people lost their lives unjustly. At the same time, Mr Voridis and Mr Georgiades were saying that the transfer of the stationmaster in question was not illegal. The three-member committee appointed by Mitsotakis itself ruled that the transfer of the stationmaster was illegal. Did you see anyone apologize? Did you see anyone take political responsibility? And tell us whose New Democracy MP's party buffoonery was this illegal transfer? Or did SYRIZA and New Democracy apologize together, for signing in 2014 the contract to have telecoms €55 million, not even €1 from your taxes, all European funds, and after 9 years we had no telecoms? What happened because Mr Tsipras stopped talking about it? Because when we asked the Minister responsible, Mr Karamanlis, in Parliament. One simple thing. October 21, the independent transparency authority gave him a dossier that said exactly who was responsible for not implementing the telecommunications to avoid tragedy. And we asked him what did you do with that dossier? Did you take it to justice? The answer of Karamanlis, who today also adorns the ballot papers of New Democracy in Serres, despising the families, the pain, the tragedy that is collectively engraved in the memory of the Greek people was I did not know, he said, the existence of this report, that is what we deserve, not what we deserve a normal state that ensures security. Justice for all and not justice for all of us, but not for the cronies of Tsipras and Mitsotakis. We need another state and not the state that is a tool of bribery used by power systems to reproduce their power. We want to build this trust in the trust of the pure word of the concrete of the great reforms that finally make Greece a normal European state that respects every citizen, that honours the weak and supports the middle class.

Trust means to feel that justice is indeed for all, that there is no impunity for the powerful. Dignity what does dignity mean in our time? Because many people don't discuss politics anymore, they don't trust what politicians say because they feel hurt, they feel their dignity is wounded.
So for us, dignity is that the weak Greek should not be afraid that he might lose his first home, that there should be no shame lists that the pensioner is afraid of. The next surgery and the unpleasant delays of constant postponements. The surgery due to lack of permanent staff in the NHS for young people dignity is to have access to a house at a cheap rent, decent housing to raise their family and children. This is the dignity that we, as PASOK, have a duty to give to the Greek people, because we are the party of Social Justice, the party that gave hope and prospects to vulnerable Greeks. Dignity means for the Greek children to do their computerised registration, not by looking at their grandparents' pockets, but by looking at their future and their dreams. That is dignity. That's confidence. This is the new beginning that all of us together on May 21 will make the bold changes for a strong Greece of social justice and national dignity. We have a duty to build sustainable growth in the Greek economy that creates quality jobs, away from an unfair tax system, to reduce inequalities and of course to create outward-looking investments with competition, with strong exports, not to hand over hundreds of thousands of businesses, farmers, ranchers, cooperatives. Their property to the crows of the funds and to deflate the Greek economy. There too we have a duty as a patriotic movement to prevent this dangerous de-fellatinization.

Friends. Many generations have trusted PASOK over the years to make change possible and we want to make this change possible on 21 May with a state of dignity and perspective. I heard Mr Mitsotakis in the debate, in very simple terms, say that my monitoring. He does not say it had to be done because I was never a national danger. Of course, the New Democracy cadres what they were saying on TV, what I was writing on the Internet, what agents of China, Turkey, Armenia and various other such nonsense. But Mr Mitsotakis, with what he said. What is he implying? That surveillance is an act which creates a new situation for justice. The argument of legal surveillance, but politically incorrect, has now collapsed. We need the judiciary to do its job well and I expect it to call the prosecutor of the NIS, Mrs. Vasiliki Vlachou, who is in debt as a national danger to legalize my surveillance in between the democratic elections of PASOK. We will be the party that will guarantee the end of this institutional decline. The people do not forget what right-wing means, what maintenance means. And we have a duty to fight to prove that this party, with its rebirth, will show who the real opponent of the new democracy is. And certainly not the sponsors of the new democracy.

Friends. We have a duty to talk about the great insult here today from Chania of Mr. Skertzos. Mostly Skertchos said that the question of German reparations,
belongs to the past. So here from Crete, our people, the heroic people, full with their blood, the atrocities of the Nazis in Kontomari, Candano, Viannos, Anogia, Distomo, the rest of Greece, Kalavryta. We must send a message to the arrogance and contempt for the struggles and sacrifices of the Greek people, where, as Mr Mitsotakis' closest associate, he insulted in a way that was unthinkable. Historically, he has tried to create the feeling that we are forgetting our heroes, our struggles, the patriotic struggles of the Greek people. They do not fit. You can see in Mr. Skertzos' paintings and in his exposes the crimes against humanity committed by the Nazis in Greece. That is why, therefore, the past in the memory of the Greek people will not be the atrocities of the Nazis, but already Mr Mitsotakis and his company on 21 May.

Greece and friends. We have a duty to talk about our economy, but what economy? With the fake statistics? That everything is going well that wages have gone up 20% and salaries have gone up 20% but what it says 7.4% real wages have gone down. 5 billion more in taxes paid by the Greek people. Yes, but Mr Mitsotakis says that he has reduced all rates. How is that possible? Because he is simply reducing the rates a little for the many. And a lot for the powerful, because the revaluations and accuracy have made the state's revenues 66% indirect taxes that mainly hit the weak and the middle class. What do we say about all this? What do we say about growth that 700,000 jobs are up to 500€ for the new generation What do they do? The one place because of flexibility 2 places can be so upright or society? Can so the young generation can have a family? They wonder why Greek children continue to leave abroad? But that's why. Because we have an unfair development, a development that makes the rich richer and the poor poorer. On the other hand, Mr Tsipras is handing out money as he did in 2015. But he probably doesn't know a principle. It's good to get milk from the cow, but where and when to learn to feed for the cow? Because in the end the cow dies.

So we, with our programme, this is what we are proposing. A tax on dividends of 5% up to 50,000 and from 50,000 and above up to 15% from 5%, which is currently Mr Mitsotakis' gift to the powerful, and I say this. Because 150 large listed companies quadruple their profits in 2022, when at the same time the Greek people are impoverished second.
Despite the energy crisis. Some earned two and a half billion money, dividends.

What about the excess profits of large energy producers with the banks? We have given billions of euros, billions of euros in subsidies for the capital adequacy of the banks. What do we say? Anyone who earns more than what the Greek economy can afford should be taxed on their excess profits. This is what Spain has done. That is what we should do in Greece and not have banks that have the biggest difference between the interest rate on deposits and the interest rate on mortgages. That is social justice and not pampering the powerful at the expense of the people for the media to play on. And to hide the tragic responsibilities of the Mitsotakis government.

Also a very crucial issue is property taxes. What do we say to lower the ENVIA more for the poor and less for the powerful? But that is all. The inheritance tax on parental benefits? Is it possible for an impoverished Greece to have a tax-free parental benefit with a law of the Mitsotakis government up to 4.8 million euros? What grandparent can give up to EUR 4.8 million of property and mobile phones to a grandchild or child? It belongs to the middle class, No of course not, we are not saying the tax-free up to 400,000 € that is a real policy for the middle class and from there onwards to put their pockets to pay tax for those who have billions of real estate.

Of course. What tax cuts? We are rapidly reducing payroll taxes The contributions are too high, leading to thousands of Greek children being driven into undeclared work. So PASOK's priority, if it is part of the next government, is to reduce the payroll tax for good new jobs and secondly, to give strong tax incentives to families with children to support the demographic. Because it is now a huge risk to the future of the nation.

Friends, this is not populism, because we do not give to everyone. We give and support those who really need it for pensioners.
For pensioners, our programme, because I hear about costings, is EUR 1.1 billion, when the new Republic and Syriza's are both over EUR 5 billion. And that is because Mr Mitsotakis says, 'Oh, Mr Tsipras, but he too is a populist in a tie, with what he is saying at the expense of future generations, reminiscent of Mr Karamanlis and the 2009 bankruptcy.

So what are we saying about introducing a new ESSP for 350,000? Who are currently on the verge of poverty, the abolition of the personal difference from the first 24 that resulted from the law of Mr. Katrougalos and his master and of course change the laws of the new democracy and SYRIZA to increase the contributory pension and the abolition of the unfair provisions for disability and widowhood pensions. All this EUR 1.13 billion.

Friends and friends tomorrow is Mother's Day. This mother who symbolizes family, love for the homeland, giving. We have a huge duty to support the Greek mother, so my priority, apart from addressing the demographic issue, is to guarantee that every woman will not have her life turned upside down by having a family, but will have all the services of the state to continue her economic and social life normally. And what this means is no children, no Greek children. Out of day care centers and creative employment centers in the future. We have even taken an initiative, a legislative initiative, which of course was rejected by the government in the last Parliament, but we will mention to strengthen the maternity allowance for mothers of freelancers, who unfortunately for a long time are forced to return to work quickly. Because the family cannot afford it. So that is why this allowance will be at a minimum level of the minimum wage.

Friends. Portugal has a 10% difference in tax between a family with no children and a family with 2 children. We have a debt at this level, a tax incentive to have many families with 2 children so that Hellenism can survive in the future, otherwise we will be eight and a half million of an ageing population.

Private debt I won't say much because you have experience? Someone came here in Chania and other places in the rest of Greece and said 15. No house in the hands of a banker seismic don't pay him remember it's Mr. Tsipras. Whoever had the nerve to try to appropriate the PASOK law for the protection of the first home because he got Mrs Katseli transcribed. I would like to remind the Greek people from Chania that Mr Tsipras did not vote in 2010 and his party for the protection of first homes, but he is investing in the fact that we are gluttons. So, in 15, while he was saying seismic, for example, billions of red loans in the funds, we held events in Heraklion trying to find a solution with Nikos Christodoulakis and other important economists. We call it the restoration of the proposal to protect the first home to the standards of 2010, with updated criteria in relation to what the borrower has paid and the cost of the home to avoid and the decision that has taken. The Tight Ice. Second issue?

Cooperatives, small and medium-sized enterprises. We need to legislate in the Greek Parliament. Negotiations should take place as is the case with the banks and not the fund being interested in speculating and making 20%, 30% and then going off to destroy another society and another country. Give priority to the arrangements on the table and not to blackmail and the sudden elimination of the borrower at the table, as has been imposed for eight and a half years by Syriza and New Democracy.

Friends and friends, that's it. 80,000 families are held hostage by the Swiss franc. We have a clear proposal that 1/3 of the interest rate increase should be borne by the borrower and 2/3 by the banking institutions. These are all proposals that can give a second chance of dignity and not hold a large part of the middle class hostage. We want redemptive solutions to the demar signals of private debt. That is why we finally propose 120 installments for all EFKA and tax authorities, says Mr Mitsotakis. I did ask in Chania, how many people were able to join the 120 installments of Mr Mitsotakis? And you will understand the degree of contempt for the real problems of the Greek market. Very few were able to join this arrangement for us universally and even anyone who adheres to this arrangement until the end can reduce the initial amount to 30%.

A new generation, not 150 € of course, but 150,000 social houses for young couples to start their lives with dignity. We will not make all of Greece a short-term rental, nor a huge hotel. We have a duty to open up to houses with zero ENVAT with incentives for reconstruction and of course the Recovery Fund construction of new buildings. To get our children in with social criteria and when their living conditions get better they can leave and others can come in. What is Mr Mitsotakis doing making the citizen a customer? Low interest loans to buy new homes. Only because of the increase in the cost per square metre very few Greek children can take advantage of Mr Mitsotakis' calculations what he says is only happening here what PASOK says is happening here; it happened in Portugal, Spain, Italy, Italy, Germany, Austria and it is the best method to bring down the cost of living for Greek youth and not to have them leave abroad to find a better future.

Health I can't not mention the biggest political child of PASOK. The one founded by George Gennimatas and Paraskevas Avgerinos, the National Health System. And I can't not mention not only because in Chania there are huge issues and problems. But also for another reason. Third in private health care spending are Greeks in all of Europe. The people who have some of the lowest wages in Europe pay the third most private health care costs in Europe, surpassed only by Bulgaria and Lithuania. This is the downfall of the NHS under the stamp of Mr Mitsotakis.

So that is why we are committed here in Chania. That we will make health centers primary care throughout Greece. We will get a permanent staff of 15,000 doctors. We will raise the salaries of our health workers to the average of the European Union and we will include them in the heavy and unhealthy sector so that they get what they deserve and not just the clapping of the mockery in the middle of the Covid pandemic. Friends, you are well aware of what is happening in the health centres of Kandanos Kissamos in the Multipurpose Medical Centre of Sfakia. What we are saying about health is a priority and it is a priority that we cannot have millions of travellers in Crete and our islands every year, but the support given to the NHS does not take into account this great diversification of the population in the summer months. So we want a new health map that takes into account the real data of the EU age population, but also the changes that have to do with tourism in the summer. So we will support with 10%, 8-10% from the NHS Recovery Fund and not the 2-4% that Mr Mitsotakis has from the lowest rates across Europe. For one reason alone he does not want health as a social good. He wants health as a gift to powerful economic interests to speculate on the backs of the pensioner and the middle class. So for the twenty-one but o strong NHS and not NHS in the hands of oligarchs at the expense of the Greek people.

Friends. Farmers. We once said that blood is not water. But today the Greek farmer, the Greek farmer, sees the cost of production rising rapidly, undermining his prospects. What do we do? We propose. That the cost of production must be reduced immediately, especially for agricultural supplies, animal feed, fuel, with zero excise duty on agricultural oil, as long as the energy crisis lasts and of course with the policy of renewable energy sources. But what policy were we told to expect from the cable? The cable came, you see another state of Crete for RES large parks for the few and not hundreds of small parks for small municipalities, farmers, farmers, farmers, cooperatives, processors, because there too they want to make the green transition business for the 5 oligarchs May 21, the green transition, renewable resources in the hands of the people to democratize energy production, as they do. All European countries.

And I say this because there is no other way to have a stable cost of production, a low cost of living in the years after 2030. Pollutant trading will not only involve the steel mills and the big power generators. It will also involve the poorest European citizens, because we will be paying a carbon tax on energy-intensive houses and energy-intensive cars. Who has the most energy-intensive cars? But those who cannot change cars every five years. So I am in debt, just as PASOK told the truth to Karamanlis early on before the memoranda. Today in Chania, I must also speak the truth to Mitsotakis, who is leading the country back into fiscal adventures, and we have a debt to the populism of SYRIZA and the Hellenism of New Democracy. To tell the absolute truth to the Greek people for this now low cost policies for the production of the country.

No more for farmers. Establishment of the unconfiscated and tax-free subsidies, compensation and aid and finally updating the insurance regulation of ELGA with extended coverage of disasters in the animal and plant kingdom due to climate change, the Ministry is acting against farmers, pretending not to know what climate change means when in the coming years and this year we will have one of the hottest summers. Climate change will continually hit domestic production.

Friends of this party. With a specific programme it wants to change Greece again. But what is the word change? It is a slogan to argue about who will put it first behind him or on his flag or in his speech. Change is history. So that is why I call on all generations of the country to remember modern history. Who built the public hospitals? Who supported public education, Who built the great projects, Who are the ones who made the great reforms with asep, with clarity, with independent authorities? Who are the ones who put Cyprus in the European Union to defend the island against Turkey? Who are all those who made the Greek people live without discrimination for political beliefs? Religion sexual orientation or class do you want? Is she here? The party is PASOK, so I ask you to trust the party of great changes and not the parties that put up coherent obstacles to Andreas Papandreou for these great changes.

And indeed. To have the nerve to want to make fun of him. We have no need to mock Andreas Papandreou, because this party, this people, this movement is the child of Andreas Papandreou. It is not the child of populism.

And so I want us to remember. All those who are asking us today and even want progressive fronts and say that PASOK will go with New Democracy. Do they have the new democracy in their guts? I know that Mr Mitsotakis is in coalition with the People's Orthodox Rally, Liberal, he is playing the 3 top ministries, we have the children of Karatzaferis. Mr. Tsipras. He has progressive centre-leftists on his ballot papers. Find me a right-wing extremist on the PASOK ballot. And compare the Syriza ballots. This party is the progressive force of the country, because it has no Mr. Tsipras, no Antonarians, no orphans of the burned candidates all over Greece for the progressivism courses in, you, not in, of Andreas Papandreou.

Friends. But history is not only to remember, it is also to compare, to compare who has contributed and who has harmed. We then. In the face of these great changes that our country needs, we say remember what happened in 2010. More recently of these great changes, because I hear some people say that the new democracy and Mitsotakis was, he says always on the right side of history. And so I say here from Chania, if in 2010. PASOK MPs had followed the vote of Tsipras and Mitsotakis. Greece today was in the euro or in the drachma and if Mr. Mitsotakis does not remember, let him ask his sister who voted against him so that the country does not go to the drachma can not play with the memory and intelligence of the Greek people. The Greek people are not lotus eaters, Mr Mitsotakis, and they remember both the zappias and the anti-memoranda. And of the mockery to get the chair of power. Only the democratic party was in the right position of power. Only the one who lifted the patriotic burden and did not let the country become Argentina to lead to an incredible bankruptcy.

Friends and friends. What unites them? They issued an announcement about Georgiou. They said a word about the vindication of this man, not because they both defend the same thing with the same fervour, the narrative of Mr Karamanlis, Karamalis and the democratic party do not go together, Mr Tsipras. Friends and friends ecostasies, but o end with the insolence, with the arrogance and the contempt of the Greek people. I ask that we fight to put up a mound. A mound against the policies of inequality, a mound against disparagement and institutional decline. All of us together stayed 9 days, stand proudly. The flag of PASOK to let the sun of social justice and national dignity rise again in our country. All together door to door village village take the case of PASOK's Renaissance in your hands together and here from Chania we send a strong message of victory, from one end to the other of the country. PASOK is back to spoil the plans. Of the domestic elite that wants Mitsotakis to be strong and Tsipras to sponsor strong Pasha means strong Laz. They were the people of Andreas Papandreou's movement as embracing the anxieties, hopes and prospects of every Greek. Good strength and good fight to us here from the democratic years here from the Crete of the Games. Of democracy, of the freedom of the nation. We send a message of solidarity and victory to every democrat and every progressive Greek all over Greece fight fight fight fight and on May 21 we will be victorious so that the new generation can stand up on its feet and stand so upright on its feet. The homeland, good strength and good fight.
