Hello citizens of Menidi! I want to say a big thank you for your warm welcome. And I want to say that I am touched to be here, in the heart of the Pontian return, where the heart of the Pontian Hellenism in Attica beats, where I am facing our fellow citizens. And, of course, for the great honour and pleasure of being introduced by a Pontian - and what a Pontian! - Poppy Tsapanidou, so that we can talk together today, both about the crucial election contest before us, but also about what justice can mean for the thousands of our fellow citizens who came back from the former Soviet Union, and about what justice towards history can mean. What Pontian Hellenism deserves.

And I think that, in this critical period that we are going through, the message of justice and the need for our country to have justice again is the most critical message. And I will say from the outset that it is the first step on a path of justice, the political change that we need. The political change that the country needs and the progressive governance that is the vision, the hope and the prospect of resurrection of Greek society.

And this is not, if you like, a matter of a party objective. This is a need. It is a social, economic, cultural, national need, I would say. Because it is not justice all that we have been experiencing for four years. It is not justice the enormous redistribution of wealth that has taken place in the last few years in the most provocative way. It is not justice that families are being wiped out by auctions for debts of a few thousand euros, while the party that passes these laws on the removal of protection for first homes and the bankruptcy law owes 400 million to the banks, both borrowed and unpaid. It is not justice for the prices of electricity, fuel and supermarkets. A few businesses, a few "day labourers" are making millions, billions and people can't make ends meet. It is not justice for the vast majority of the middle class to live on vouchers and for some 'day labourers' to profit.

And, to put it in your own language, the Pontian language, some zha were broken and others were marukundan. So we cannot go on like this, the government washing its hands, relying on the market to supposedly solve our problems or, even worse, supporting obscenity. We are told that the crisis is imported. But the obscenity is Greek and it has the signature of the government of Mr Mitsotakis. And of course, it is not fair to keep indirect taxation, VAT, the special tax on fuel at these high levels when prices are going up. Because it is one thing for someone with an income of EUR 700, 800, 1 500 to pay the same tax, but it is another thing for someone with an income of EUR 3 000, 4 000 and 5 000. So that is not justice.

Just as it is not justice to monitor the leadership of the Armed Forces at times of national sensitivity. And this should not be done by Erdoğan in Turkey, but by Mitsotakis in Greece, from within the Maximou building. It is not justice to plunder the public coffers with direct commissions, to divide and share the people's clothes.

It is not fair that Greece is at the bottom of the league table in wages but at the top of the league table in supermarket prices across Europe. It is not justice that tens of thousands of their own people should lose their lives in a rail accident that is clearly due to a lack of concern for public infrastructure and people's safety, and that the Prime Minister should rush to blame the tragedy on the stationmaster. But who? The one they themselves bribed into the job, untrained and without experience.

But let me say that justice is not only about the issues that I have mentioned, the issues of the economy, the issues of society, the institutions. The issue of justice is first and foremost about our dignity. Justice means first and foremost respect for who each of us is and what each of us represents. Respect for the history that each of us and individually all of us together have. Practical respect, respect in action and not in words.

We are here today to honour the history of the Pontic Hellenism and its great contribution to the course of our country and the history of our country. We are here today to give a clear message that this history of the Pontian Hellenism is not about the past, but about the present and especially the future of our country. It is about our education, it is about our culture, it is about our citizens' housing and insurance rights, it is about our diplomatic relations.  It is, in short, about our identity.

We therefore honour the history of Pontic Hellenism that begins in the times of myth and the first Greek colonisations, when the "rough" Pontus, i.e. the inhospitable sea, was transformed into a hospitable one, i.e. the Black Sea. During this period the Greeks created more than 70 cities and towns throughout its periphery. But the region which over the centuries will have the most consistent historical continuity and massiveness in terms of population will be the Asia Minor Pontos. It is there that the city-states will first be established, and in the Middle Ages it will constitute "deep Greece", as the Kingdom of Pontus is referred to by Arab chroniclers. And there, in 1204, the empire of Trabzon, of the great Komnenoi, will be created. But even after the fall of Trebizond to the Ottoman Empire, 8 years after the fall of Constantinople, Pontian Hellenism will remain alive and will rise again in the second half of the 19th century.

Of course, we all know the tragic continuation of this brilliant story. In a devastating period with millions of dead, marked by the rise of the Young Turks in 1908, the First World War, the collapse of the Ottoman Empire and the Great Powers' conflicts over the region, the claim of political self-determination by Hellenism and, as it turned out, the destructive and delusional hopes created around the Asia Minor campaign. And above all, the genocide suffered by Hellenism and other non-Muslim populations, such as the Assyrians, whose representative we have with us today, by the Ottoman and Turkish states from 1914 to 1923.

This history, our history, the history of Hellenism, was stained with blood and pain, leading a civilization of thousands of years to its dramatic end. But these events opened a new great chapter not only for Pontian Hellenism, but for the course of our homeland. Those who managed to survive and come to Greece as refugees contributed to the creation of a new society from which we all come. The refugees who arrived in Greece faced great difficulties and often faced the miserable questioning, even of their Greek identity, which they struggled so hard to protect.

As the beautiful lyric that has become a song says, "I am a Greek in foreign countries, but a foreigner in Greece". You know everything very well, because you and your parents have lived it all, you have lived it all under your own skin. But despite the suffering you have lived and experienced, you have not given up because of the disdain you have received. Not only did you survive, but you contributed decisively to the economic, political, cultural and spiritual development of our country.

The economy was revived thanks to the intelligence, the extroversion, the unquenchable desire for progress of the refugees from Pontus and Asia Minor. All other Greeks owe you a big "thank you" for your contribution to the development of our country, our economy and our cultural heritage. But also of our democracy.

Because our democracy has acquired a new, deeper and more substantial content. A cultural wave in music, poetry, art. It detached our culture, if I may be permitted to express it, from the barren pre-colonialism. Even the labour movement, socialist ideas, became the vision of a small group of conscious intellectuals, a material force that influenced the whole course of Greek society thanks to the refugees.

At the same time, those Pontians who did not come to Greece after the end of the wars and remained, especially in southern Russia and the Mariupol region, became the bearers of an astonishing cultural renaissance in the interwar period. Unfortunately, however, even there, in the Stalinist period, they would suffer repression, executions, persecution to Central Asia and a ban on speaking the Greek language.

So we all know your history, your hard history. Your exit to Greece from '65 onwards, and especially after the fall of the Soviet Union. The invitation extended to the Pontians of the former Soviet Union by the Greek state in the early 2000s to reside in Greece with state-guaranteed loans for their homes.

That's the story and we know it. And this is also the truth about the course of Pontian Hellenism. And as I said at the beginning, the promotion, the recognition of historical truth and the preservation of historical memory is a struggle not only for the past, but above all for the future. The present and the future.

Because the generations to come will only be safe when we can address the causes of genocide, ethnic cleansing and conflict, so that we never again have refugees and migrants fleeing their homes in the Middle East because of the conflicts there and the destructive policies of the West. And let us not have wars in Europe, in Ukraine today, with thousands of Ukrainians of Greek origin leaving the historic city of Mariupol, which is historic for Hellenism, as happened after the bloody Russian invasion. We must therefore put forward a common, national road map for Pontian Hellenism. Because justice everywhere means justice for Pontian Hellenism, justice for our fellow Pontians.

So I came here today, in the middle of the election period, because I know that what is being said today is being recorded. And we will be there, through our commitment to you, to make what I am saying a reality. To be the contract of honour with the returning Pontians, with the Pontian culture.

I therefore pledge before you that in the next Parliament - which we expect to have and I believe will have a majority of the progressive forces of the country - I pledge to create a permanent permanent permanent Inter-Party Committee, which in cooperation with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will draw up and implement a specific plan of action for the international recognition of the genocide of the Pontic Hellenes in 1914-1923.

As you may know, on 18 May 19 in Thessaloniki, I met as Prime Minister with all the Pontian Federations and Institutions, which was the first time that this had ever happened. And we decided to set up a committee to draft proposals for the preservation of the historical memory of the Greeks of Pontus.

The first step was the decision to create a museum dedicated to Pontian and Asia Minor Hellenism. In the space granted to the Municipality of Pavlou Mela in Thessaloniki, together with the Museum of National Resistance. Unfortunately, despite the proclamations of the next government that it would keep what we committed to at the end of our term of office, nothing has progressed.

So I commit today that this project will go ahead. As will the recording and promotion of other sites of historical memory for the Pontian Hellenism, starting with the Disinfectors of Aretso, where 20,000 souls were lost.

We are also committed to promoting the learning of the rich history of the Black Sea Hellenism by strengthening the relevant references in textbooks, and actively supporting the Chair of Pontian Studies at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, in the context of supporting our public universities.

Perhaps one of the most unpleasant events for Hellenism, in the four years that are passing, was the conversion of the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul and the Hagia Sophia of Trebizond into Islamic mosques. It was a dark moment, not only for the Greek, but especially for the world's cultural heritage.We therefore pledge to intensify our efforts at the international and bilateral level, at the diplomatic level. For the protection of the Byzantine monuments in Turkey, which constitute a world cultural heritage.

We also pledge to change Presidential Decree 99/94, in order to commemorate the Pontian Genocide universally and directly, without moving the date from May 19, by organizing events at state and local government level, giving a clear message of unity and state support to the Pontian Hellenism.

But all that I have committed myself to, I think, is not enough. Because we must also take steps to provide economic and moral support to the Pontic Hellenism on the basis of justice, which is our motto. Actions that will take into account all of its long history, all of its difficult history.

So, first of all, I want to commit to you that the next progressive government will do something that has been your just demand for years: The national pension to expatriates of the former Soviet Union will be paid at 15 years of permanent residence and uninsured elderly expatriates will receive the full relevant benefit.

Friends, it is unacceptable, after such an economic crisis as the one we have experienced, and after all the difficulties of the pandemic and the crisis of poverty that you are experiencing, to be faced with payment orders for the confiscation of your houses, which were built with guarantees from the Greek State. It is unacceptable for loans and for 30 000, 40 000 that are outstanding, or even less, for loans of 30 000, 40 000 and EUR 5 000, 10 000 remaining, to be faced with seizures. Foreclosures from banks, now from funds for the houses that most of you built with your own hands, with your own work, with your own effort, with the help of your neighbours and with so many difficulties and today you are among the 700,000 of our fellow citizens who are threatened because their mortgages, with their first home, have gone into the hands of funds.

It is unacceptable, in May of 20, with the economy still frozen by the lockdown, if you remember, for Mr Mitsotakis to pass a decree saying that anyone of the returnees who has a problem in repaying the mortgage loan must either join the bankruptcy system or pay the 120 instalments. As if the returnees who have gone through all this to come to Greece at the invitation of the state and with the commitment of the state to guarantee the loans for their housing are not a special case. It is not a special case for the repatriates, only the loans of Mr Mitsotakis's party, the 400 million, the loans and the unsecured loans, only that is a special case.

So that is why I want to pledge today, here in Menidi, that with the new regulation that we will bring, the fines, the surcharges and all kinds of interest that are charged on the loans of the returning Pontus refugees, the loans relating to their homes, will be cancelled. And from then on, the rest of the loan will be arranged for repayment in 240 interest-free instalments, with a maximum instalment of 100 euros per month. Because we want to put into practice this promise, which since 2000 the Greek state gave to our fellow citizens who came from the Soviet Union.

Finally, to commit ourselves, as we clearly state in our programme, to the simplification of citizenship procedures, as is done in all European countries. Because, among other things, it is unacceptable for there to be Greek returnees and their families to still be plagued with the issue of citizenship, with questions and interviews that even someone who was born, grew up, went to university, and I, who am a Member of Parliament, may not be able to cope, and many of us may not be able to cope.

These commitments are commitments that we want to see put into practice immediately. And they will be done, because they are commitments of justice. They are the road map for the state to truly support Pontian Hellenism in the way it deserves. It is the basis, I would say, for us to be able to talk in practice about justice everywhere, justice for the returning Pontian Greeks, justice for Pontian Hellenism.

Friends, Pontian Hellenism has always had its place in the front lines of the struggles for progress in our land.  On the front lines of the struggles for democracy in our land. Thousands of children even gave their lives for freedom, justice and progress.

Thousands of children who participated in the National Resistance, in the democratic struggles, in the anti-dictatorship movement, Pontian Hellenism and the Pontians in our land have always been, like all refugees, the heart of the democratic party. And as the heart of the democratic party of the country, I call on you to join us all in the struggle! To raise the sun over our country again! To fight together to restore justice, to fight together for the great change that the country needs on May 21! To bring the change that society needs! To bring back justice!

On May 21, let us give breath, perspective and hope to Greek society. I know that today I am talking to people who know what injustice is. They have learned what injustice is, as the song says, 'from their cradle'. You, the Pontians, the returnees, experienced injustice from your cradle.

So I want to tell you that every time I am facing you in a popular area of the country, I feel like one of you. Because we were not brought up, born or raised in palaces. And we know what injustice is. That is why we are the only ones who can strike it, who can confront it.

So I want to tell you that we can, we know and we can bring about real change in our lives. to make the state fair, effective in the service of the citizen. Democratic, social, inspiring confidence. We know and we can bring a breath to the economy, to support society. We know and we can.

In the elections of May 21, we can and will bring the change that the country really needs! And a progressive government of cooperation, stability and longevity can lead the country and society upright together with the country to another perspective of hope. So the victory of SYRIZA in these elections will pave the way for change.

And I want to assure you today, the victory of SYRIZA will not only come and will surprise all those who pretend not to see what is happening around them and only see the fabricated poll bars on the news. But SYRIZA's victory will be a big one. It will be a strong mandate that we will receive from you, from the people who are looking for justice on the night of May 21. And the stronger the victory, the more certain the formation of a government of progressive cooperation the day after the elections.

So I want to thank you very much for your presence. And I would like you to remember from the 22nd and onwards the commitments I made before you today for the Pontian Hellenism, the commitments I made for the returning Greeks of Pontus. Commitments that we will put into practice, with a progressive majority, from the 22nd. Good power! Thank you very much for your warm presence and welcome here. Goodbye!