I bow to you, I bow to tonight's celebration of the militant Left in this hospitable theatre because of the rain in this meteoric state, the city of struggles and sacrifices, Thessaloniki. These four years that have passed since a handful of people. We put the magnificent NO of the Greek people back in the Parliament. We put the day 25 in the Parliament. These 4 years. A handful of MPs, we sweated the jersey, the jersey of the NO by submitting a disproportionate number of technocratically sound radical law proposals, amendments, questions and interpellations.

During these 4 years I had the privilege of representing the first Thessaloniki. Maybe because I am not from Thessaloniki. Maybe because my origins are mainly from Crete. A Crete that you know better than I do, maintains a loving relationship with Thessaloniki. With the city of Thermaikos. Since I have mentioned Crete, allow me a small parenthesis, a small critical parenthesis. Hello, Great Syntekne, Great Master Psarantoni, for listening to us where you are. The reason I am referring to Psarantonis Xylouris is that he asked me to convey his love to the people of Thessaloniki and to the people of Thessaloniki. I would say his adoration for Thessaloniki. Well, perhaps because we, coming from Crete, love and honour Thessaloniki, I felt obliged not to be just another political leader who rises from the rear to gawk at the city. He is elected here and then despises this city. For these four years I have done everything possible to come here. I have tried once a month, every month, to listen to this place, to experience it, so that I can pay back a small part of the debt I feel I owe to Thessaloniki, which all of us progressive left-wing citizens have to this city. What debt? The debt we have in Thessaloniki for the struggles that were fought here, some successfully, some not. Especially we, the older ones, have a debt to remind you, the younger ones. The struggles of the workers' movement in Thessaloniki. The struggles of the people of Thessaloniki for democracy. You, the younger generation, the generation of the Thebes, the generation that fills the streets of Thessaloniki and the rest of Greece, demanding your future, but you, the young children growing up in the Chreodouloparikia Hellas, should know that even before this city was incorporated into modern Greece, into the Greek state, in the distant 1909, the Socialist Workers' Federation of Thessaloniki, the well-known Federacion, was founded here in these soils of Thessaloniki. With Abraham Benaroya as its leader, which 9 years later, in 1918, was incorporated and united with the Socialist Workers of Greece, the later KKE. Labour struggles escalated rapidly, culminating in that May 1936 strike. Then the strike would be suppressed by the gendarmes of the army under the orders of the new, then appointed Prime Minister and later dictator of the fascist Ioannis Metaxas. The account of that suppression mission: 12 dead and many many wounded, one of them dead. The first dead of the strike was Tasos Toussa, immortalized by Yannis Ritsos in his Epitaph. And when the Nazi occupation came, no major city in Greece paid the blood toll as much as Thessaloniki. The Holocaust of our Jewish fellow citizens. The massacre of Hortiatis, the blockade of Kalamaria, not a day passed that Thessaloniki did not bleed for not being present in the national resistance. When it did not pay for it with the retaliation of the Nazis and the Dosilogos who were to rule later. So when the foreign conquerors left and the civil war came. And then the stone years. Thessaloniki continued to pay in blood for the struggles for democracy. In 1947, the communist Yannis Zevgos was murdered. In 1951 the young Nikos Nikiforidis was executed for his activities in Thessaloniki. In 1961, the year I was born, the new member of EDA, Stefanos Veldemiris, was shot dead by a policeman. On May 27, 1963, Grigoris Lambrakis was assassinated by the paramilitary. On the same night, the EDA deputy George Tsarouxas is abused, who of course will later be murdered by the junta in the security in 1968. And when the same parastate that killed Lambrakis and abused Tsarouchas put Greece in a cast, overthrew the Constitution, brought in the junta and formed Tsarouchas. One of the first assassinations of the junta, here in Thessaloniki was that of Yannis Chalkidis with bullets in the back in September 1967. Yes, this is a long fighting tradition that is still going strong.

It is no coincidence that Mitsotakis S.A. has unleashed its greatest fury against the struggling students here in Thessaloniki. It is no accident that the abomination of the university police was defeated in practice here by your student movement, the Thessaloniki movement. It is no accident that Mitsotakis S.A. chose the malamatina as a target for the organized working class, where we have seen with our own eyes. With our own eyes we saw the heroic struggle of the trade unionists of the descendants of the Federacion who are keeping the working class of this city standing.

It is no coincidence that here in the greater Thessaloniki area, the workers of Biome are holding on heroically. The workers of Biome are showing the way with their struggles towards the self-managed cooperative enterprises in the manufacturing sector that the Day 25 Alliance for Rupture will help to set up throughout Greece. Come on, take a moment Roger Waters, let's take it upon ourselves. Crows, hands down from Biome.  From New York, Roger Waters. Crows down, hands off Biome.

It's no accident. That the fight against burning garbage. Against the encroachment of the beach of Kalamaria for the antiquities at Venizelos station for primary care, for the reopening of the infectious diseases. It is no coincidence that all these beautiful struggles are kept alive here in Thessaloniki. These soils are soaked with the sweat, tears and blood of good fighters. They demand not revenge, but vindication, fellow travellers. Their vindication requires in turn our own rupture. So, for the first time, we are here today, that is why we are here today, that is why we have created. That is why we are here. That's why we created the frontal unity ticket, the Frontal Unity Party day 25 alliance for rupture because we have a debt of disobedience and subversion to the surrender of this country. Because we have an obligation to cancel the toxic lie that there is no alternative to what darkens the minds of many. To those that force young children, either among the immigrants or inhumanely trim their dreams, your dreams. For we have an obligation to replace this toxic lie with the one sure timeless truth, everything can be different.

On Sunday, MPs, women MPs and councilors of the Mera 25 Alliance for Rupture will be elected throughout Greece, in the first Thessaloniki in the second Thessaloniki. My cycle in this city is coming to a close. The time has come in this election to pass the baton. To as many of you as win the battle of the cross on behalf of each and every one of us. Continue to honour the uncompromising uncompromising leftist tradition of Thessaloniki. I will be a candidate in another state. A beautiful state with a parallel democratic militant tradition, but which today suffers from the consequences of deindustrialization and abandonment of Patras. But seeing the clear faces of our candidates of the first and second Thessaloniki here. You have absolutely nothing to lose, they will replace us the old ones, you will replace us the new ones. Because there is a legal issue, you know? Here in Greece we are refining nonsense. I can't ask our candidates to come here, because if you are caught on ERT's camera, after you are elected, you may be disqualified from being a member of parliament in a country where Mr. Marinakis' Mega decides on the spur of the moment not to show any of us. We have such restrictions on this, will you just allow me to read the names of those I see in front of me of the clean faces and we will not show them on ERT lest we circumvent a legislation purely for the fun of it. First of Thessaloniki, Sophia Avramidou make a fist wisdom. Alexandros Galatianos. Petros Botsis. Maria Ermidou. Thodoris Theodorides. Polychronis Karabelas. Stathis Karpidis. Michalis Kritharidis. Nikoletta Aliveri. Giorgos Mikroulis. Evangelia Moustaka. Rena Papadopoulou. Miltiadis Pavlidis. Konstantinos Danis. Evangelia Siarvali. Leah Skarlatou. Gregory Koulas. From the top. Panagiotis Spathis. George Fikos. Marilou Fyndanidou. And Katerina Christofidou. And now the candidates and candidates of the North of Thessaloniki. Maria Davide Kantara. Dimitris Zervoudakis. D'sepina Kontogianni. Katerina Sachtaridis. Christina Skarlatou. Vassilis Tikas. With us. Of course we have 2 comrades. Comrades, not a comrade and a comrade. 2 companions. Who unite us. Too much of the past and much more of the future. Despina Charalambidou, candidate on the state ballot, Despina can show you the face. And Christos Laskos. In these faces, on the Day 25 ballot papers, Alliance for Rupture captures the size and importance of our project. We are not here just to get into the House strengthened, which, believe me, is absolutely certain.

We are here to reject the idea of delegation. Asking voters to vote for systemic parties that were once on the left PASOK SYRIZA instead of the reactionary delegation, we bring forward the vision of a united front of movements, organizations and parties that will wrest power. To give it back, to return it to those who have no power. They have no power over their own lives, and as a result they fall victim to the most brutal exploitation. Day 25 alliance for rupture, friends, comrades, comrades, comrades-in-arms. We are not saying to the world vote for us to save you. On day 25 alliance for rupture we are not saying to the movements of students, workers, trade unionists, ecology, join behind us, we are the vanguard. So if you line up behind us, your dreams will be realized, your struggles will be vindicated, not Day 25. Alliance for Rupture we are doing something simpler. We ask them, we ask you. What can we do for you? How can we strengthen your struggles? What education do you want? How do we promote collective agreements everywhere? What do you want us to bring to Parliament? Yes, the Day 25 alliance for the break we don't claim the vanguard. We are here to strengthen, strengthen those of you who are claiming. You are planning, you are participating, you have already broken the shackles of privatizing dreams, fears, joy and sorrow.

Yes, we have tabled and will continue to table bills on everything. We were a handful of MPs doing more and better parliamentary work than parties with 20, 80, 100 MPs. Resistance again. I spoke about our parliamentary work, this work is not based on illusion. That because our ideas our proposals offer directly applicable solutions to the problems of the people, of the majority because they are good proposals pro-people, applicable rational, that they will be applied just for this reason alone. No. We know that they are in direct conflict with the interests of the oligarchy. This bourgeois state will never implement them. These legislative proposals exemplify the Odysseus law on red loans, the executioner system that will break the bankers' monopoly on digital transactions in particular. The recovery of democratic sovereignty over tax offices, public property, energy. These legislative proposals we are tabling. Why? So that the citizens out there can see you know citizens who are not participating in the electoral process, citizens out there who have lost confidence in politics. To show them that there are alternatives even within this rotten, dismal half capitalist half feudal system. How else friends and bankers and fellow comrades, how else do we pull them off the couch from abstention from despair from cynicism, from surrender to systemic parties that promise them a few crumbs from the table of the predatory ruling class? How else are we to disabuse them of the self-fulfilling expectation that there is no alternative, because if they believe that there is no change, then there is no alternative. How do we convince them? That Hatzidakis' otherwise moving song is wrong when it ends with the phrase good night Kemal, this world will never change. How else are we to convey to them the hope that yes this world can begin to change tomorrow morning, this evening, radically from one moment to the next, that where all seems futile. Suddenly. It may seem entirely possible for the many, the masses of people out there who have given in to pessimism, cynicism, complacency to realize that everything can be different.

It wasn't long ago that we had such a moment when suddenly the frustrated masses felt that yes, they have power, they felt strong. The people felt strong in unity in those heroic days. Just before the 2015 referendum. The referendum that sent panic through the oligarchy. The oligarchy that felt the ground crunching under its feet. Precisely because the human masses stopped being afraid. They felt the power of unity, the greatness of saying no to brutal blackmailers, and when the people went we are the one freed from fear to the referendum ballot boxes. These human masses became pure smiles on the faces that put aside the fear that overcame the terror and for the first time in Greek history they voted in class, they voted ignoring the parties and the system of power, right wing, centrist and left wing, without money in the bank that recognized to the troika of internal and external interests that impoverish them, so that the few live richly without producing anything. These middle-class, right-wing, right-wing, too many ignored the dictates of the new democracy and voted no.

The time. When Syriza with money and aspirations for Brussels and institutions within the domestic system, along with their right-wing centrist counterparts, voted yes. That night. We saw for a few hours in practice what Aristotle had defined as democracy as the power of the majority of the demos, who by definition are the poorest for a few hours, until Mr Tsipras overthrows the people by saying yes the no. The people had been disengaged from the bourgeois system that imposes the priorities of the very few as a one-way street as the only alternative. Then that night you remember it turned out to be rabbits and weasels in the corridors of the Syriza Maximus and my own ministry who conspired for the yes vote behind my back. Rabbits and weasels. They led the lions of the streets and squares into battle and then said they were delusional, demanded that the lions out there also get back into the iron cage of the leftist memorandum. And so upstairs the establishment was set up. The oligarchy resumed its stride, resulting in the re-establishment of the New Democracy and subsequently the establishment of the Mitsotaki A.E. Since then, having seen the devil with their own eyes, the establishment has done everything it can to demonise the referendum to murder the character of those who still honour it. They felt you see the crown fall off their heads, their power, the power they had over the many evaporate It was indeed a nightmare for them in the referendum. I understand them when they say we had a saint. Of course you didn't have a saint, Alexis you did, but that's another story.

It takes virtue and courage. Virtue, daring, and a break. That's what freedom wants. Who will protect us from the protectors? In 2019 to go a little closer to 4 years ago. The oligarchy that saw the devil with its own eyes on the night of the referendum. They thought in 2019 that the nightmare was over, gone irrevocably, until July 19 day 25 revived the no vote by putting it back in parliament.

And what have they not said since then? And what haven't they done since then to prevent us from going back to Parliament to extinguish the candle of hope that was lit on day 25 in Parliament, they predicted our extinction. They worked diligently to cause defections within us, defections which in the end did us enormous good, as they helped us get rid of apolitical people who had joined us for office, not for people, had reversed our motto.

And now we are here together with the comrades of popular unity, together with the comrades of ARAS, together with Christos Lasko, Iro Diotti, Dimitris Zervoudakis, all together, setting an example of what unity of the left means against the terror of the establishment.

Today, those who are not ashamed to call themselves the owners of Greece. Have you heard Alafouzos example? We say names are not a problem. They understand the danger that our united front poses to their power. The Mera 25 alliance for rupture they know that unlike SYRIZA, where people have integrated, which they have long been integrated.

We will not integrate. It's not in our nature, it's not in our DNA we would rather be crushed, crushed than integrated and they know it. They know it. They see and they are horrified at the potential of our project. Example here today. The Farghani Theatre. They see that what is happening in here today at this time just before the polls on Sunday. It is only the first step in the creation of a new great faction of the new great Greek disobedient selfless disobedient left. The left that not only will never be controlled. But which submits to public debate before the many, an immediately implementable 100-day government program for the protection of the many. Initially and later in the medium and long term a transition plan to the self-managed decentralized decentralized ecological feminist socialism of the future. This my friends, fellow travellers, compañeros and compañeros is our duty, not only to disobey, but to create the critical mass that will bring about the sudden sweeping change in the expectations of the 80% of the people who, because they have accepted that there is no alternative to their plunder to the plunder of themselves are falling victim to the most brutal plunder of their lives. Of their work of our nature, of their future, of themselves and their children. For this Sunday 29 May. This is the stake that the small candle in the darkness of the meme-ridden Greece, which was relit on day 25 4 years ago, entering the Parliament, that this small candle after this and the next elections becomes a torch that will free our people from the darkness of the worst conqueror of all. Who is the first conqueror of all? It is the acceptance that in these lands there is no decent future for these young men and women here.

Judging by the questions asked by the journalists of the mass deception media. The only thing we've been asked especially in this last week. Over and over again. Now that they have exhausted all their reserves of demonizing black propaganda about the hangman's noose, the banks all these sacred cows of the predators, the only thing they ask us is if we will give a vote of confidence to Mr. Tsipras to get Mitsotakis out. Is that not so? Those of you who are candidates, do you know that you will give a vote of confidence to Mr Tsipras to get Mitsotakis out? Will you join some kind of progressive coalition?

Our tongue is too thick to say to them, you guys, if we wanted ministries we would have stayed in SYRIZA, we would have been ministers for 4 years, we wouldn't have been demonized by the whole establishment. But don't you want progressive governance, they say? Here we go again. Fine, we'll start from the beginning because it seems they don't get it right the first time or the hundredth time. They want us to give them 200 times at least. What does progressive progressive mean? A government of a party that has the word progressive in its title is not enough, I think, and PASOK has proven that. Because if the word should make the party, every PASOK government should be socialist. I don't think it is nor does PASOK want socialism, it left the CN in its title as a remnant. The fact that SYRIZA put the progressive alliance underneath it by itself, I don't think that says anything. Since words are badly abused in political stigma, let me remind you what progress means to a leftist.

For the Left, for the Left, humanity, the country, society progresses when power passes from the few to the many, from the haves to the have-nots. Which of course requires much more than a formal right to vote or some theoretical rights in a constitution, in a law. It requires a transfer of economic power from the few to the many, and certainly not in the form of subsidies. Or vote-buying, or charity. In other words, a progressive government is progressive to the extent that it breaks with the oligarchy. Period. Otherwise, if it does not break with the oligarchy, it is pro-oligarchy. What is a break? What does such a break require? Two things. These ideas are not too difficult. First, it requires a minimum common program of rupture. Which will be agreed upon by them, agreed upon by more than one party movements. A common program of rupture that in order to be worked out to sow will be put together and agreed upon at least in principle. A minimum common program was not what the left used to say? From Allende to I don't know where. It takes months, not two and a half days. Second, for a progressive government to be able to deal with the oligarchy requires a common front at the grassroots. Of the parties that will be in government. The parties that will make up such a progressive government. A government that will need this common front in the difficult moments of conflict with the oligarchy. This front needs time to be forged. It needs a lot of work. This is exactly what the Day 25 alliance proposes for the break in the leadership of the other parties that identify themselves as progressive 2 years. Now we say it, it's tongue in cheek again.

For 2 years we've been getting comments of response through the press not even on a personal level of well let's see if you get into the House and then we'll talk or now more recently they've seen that we will get in and not only will we get in, but we'll be strengthened in the House. Come and talk to you after election Sunday these are the answers. They prove one thing. They want neither a minimum common program of rupture with the oligarchy nor a common front to support a common government of rupture with the oligarchy. No wonder why this is because the Syriza leadership has long chosen not to make any break with the oligarchy. I heard Mr Tsipras say that Mr Varoufakis excluded himself from the call of the progressive forces, no Mr Tsipras the Day 25 alliance for rupture excluded himself from the distribution of ministries that you are organising, Mr Tsipras, for those who accept to co-govern at the mercy of the oligarchy in a progressive mask. That's all we needed to avoid being excluded from this dream. That is all we need to participate in it. That's all we needed to accept what you are proposing to us, Mr Tsipras, what are you proposing to us, Mr Tsipras? Think about it. You are proposing that we commit ourselves to the young generation, to the voters, to specific breakthroughs and ruptures. Yes, specific cuts and ruptures to promise you, to get your vote to make Mr Tsipras prime minister so that he does not make any of these cuts and ruptures, that is what he is telling us.

If I say when we did that, we would cancel our raison d'être, which is none other than the return of the leftist ethic of telling the truth, because the truth is liberating, not squatting on it to get a ministry.

What you are saying and what we are saying is that the leadership of SYRIZA is asking us to renounce the path of subversion, it is asking us for the votes it lacks to govern so that there can be no subversion to govern by tolerating the oligarchy of the oligarchy with credentials to the oligarchy. He won't have our votes, we will blackball them. Wherever we can, wherever we meet, wherever we stand in and out of Parliament. Period.

Mr Tsipras, if you really wonder why SYRIZA is not pulling? We suggest you think for a moment that maybe it's because of the image of Mr. Latsis publicly thanking you for giving him the Greek for land platting.

You might think that you might not be pulling for our brave people. After 15, when these people listen to Mr. Pyatt. The former United States Ambassador to Greece thanks you, Mr. Tsipras, for pointing him out, he calls Alexandroupolis the new United States military base from which they are adding fuel to the fire every day. Now that we are talking on the fields of the endless battles in Ukraine.

You may have to think that you are not drawing, that you cannot collect. The resentment caused by this disgusting Mitsotakis SA because you are not committed to abolishing the energy exchange, the vile Hercules, the small and medium-sized enterprises' tax prepayments, the Hyperfund, all those things that are killing the viability of the country. All those that remind us of the greatest useless capitulation of the left in the annals of history, that of the night of the referendum.

So let them take notice. All the mnemonics. Who have made their peace with the oligarchy without borders, the day 25 alliance for the break we exist because we firmly believe. That without a break with their iron-clad mnemonic framework that new democracy PASOK and SYRIZA dare not challenge, they see it as a one-way street. Without this break, Greece will continue to expel their children. To embitter its elders to turn day by day into a vast tourist resort paradise of dirty money laundering. Real Estate with our people excluded from the beauties of this country, paying taxes everywhere for everything, facing the horrible dilemma of either choosing immigration or a life as servants and entertainers of rich foreigners.

But what does rupture mean in practice? In practice. It means legislating without any prior negotiation. The mistake of 2015 will not happen again. We will not ask for the right, we will not negotiate the right to legislate what we need to legislate. Our government's 100-day program. Specifically, we are legislating the creation of a public red-loan management company that we call Ulysses. With our Ulysses, we are throwing Hercules in the trash is the only way to truly protect the basic home of the small business of farmland. Anyone who sells you protection without abolishing Hercules is fooling you pre-election.

Secondly, we are legislating a cap on the retail price of electricity that will not exceed the average cost by 5%. The average cost of producing and distributing electricity, which constitutes the abolition of the energy exchange. Immediately afterwards, we launch the de jure abolition. The re-establishment of the single public electricity company, which will not be the same as the old one. There will be a telling difference. The management will be appointed by an advisory board consisting of a majority of nominees and a minority of party-appointed experts and citizens appointed by parliament.

Thirdly, we are legislating to abolish the colonial superfund and convert the public property that we are taking from the Superfund, converting it into the capital base of the new twin public banks. New Development Bank, new Agricultural Bank

Fourthly, we are implementing the plan to relieve small and medium-sized enterprises from the tax burden of the Troika in particular. VAT of 24% becomes 15, 13 becomes 6% and all basic necessities go to 0%. In addition, all advance tax payments for small and medium enterprises are abolished, and the tax rate depends on the size of the business for small enterprises up to 10 employees, 10% for medium enterprises up to 500 employees, 20% for large enterprises. We raise the rate to the perfectly reasonable 30%.

Fifth, we legislate the abolition of hired labour in all sectors and introduce collective agreements in every sector.

Sixth, we are abolishing the Golden Visa immediately. And we drastically restrict Airbnb and other such short-term rental platforms that push rents sky-high, making it impossible for our people - students, doctors, nurses, teachers, professors - to find a place to rent in Thessaloniki, Rhodes, Crete, Chania, Corfu. Yes, to be able to rent your house through Airbnb or similar platforms to make some pocket money. For a maximum of 60 days. Maximum time. Not even consecutive in 2 installments of 30 days. Finally, the de facto withdrawal of houses and apartments of entire neighborhoods from the home market. As far as rent and housing subsidies are concerned, no rent subsidies, no housing subsidies, all they accomplish is to increase the national debt. At the same time they are raising rents and increasing property prices.

Establishment of a Social Housing Agency to build 500,000 social housing units. Which will not be given away, they will be rented at very low tenants forever until someone dies or if they want to leave. And they will be distributed to our fellow citizens on social criteria, not on criteria of who has to pay or who can borrow up to there future red loans.

Seventh, we continue steadily on the path of planning a real productive restructuring. With the country's green industrial revolution in our sights. Focus on domestic production of green energy technologies in areas affected by deindustrialization example construction of high-tech battery production plants in the industrial region of Patras marine recyclable aluminum wind turbines in Megalopolis, Volos, Ptolemaida. Transformation of Northern Greece from Thessaloniki to Alexandroupoli, the centre of production and distribution of green hydrogen, the diesel of the future.

Nationalisation of OSE, new public body for the railways. Which is a one-way street for the technological development of the railways for safety, for transport competitive with the motorways and the tolls of the oligarchy.

Eighth, new agricultural cooperatives are established with emphasis on banks of indigenous seeds instead of the hybrid seed poles that they currently buy from Bayer Monsanto, aiming at a parallel reduction in the production volume of quantities and a spectacular increase in qualities, so that Greek agricultural products in Munich, Paris, London are sold 3 times more expensive than their Moroccan or Spanish counterparts.

Ninth, we introduce an institutional framework for new cooperative self-managed manufacturing companies on the model of biome. Where the state is currently trying to stifle biome as a bully, our legal framework will strengthen cooperative self-managed enterprises like biome.

The tenth doubling of expenditure in four years, doubling of expenditure on public education and public health care, while at the same time shrinking. With a parallel shrinkage of private spending on para-education and private clinics. Some will say, and where will the money come from?

You know we've guaranteed 23 billion in state coffers minimum profit which they're going to make on the Cayman Islands. Do you know how much we give for education and health care? Total every year 11. And we have given 23 to the state coffers alone in 22 this state Mitsotakis SA borrowed five and a half billion from abroad to give it to Vardinoyannis, to Latsis, to Peristeri, to the energy exchange, you know what is 5.5 billion? All the costs for the NHS for one year. And they tell us there is no money, fine, there is money for them, for their company, for the shareholders of Mitsotaki SA.

Eleventh. We legislate the system demetra the future. We legislate the future of digital transactions that protects consumers and businesses from 2 billion a year in fees. 2000 million is not to be confused interest that offers significant potential interest to depositors in the form of tax credits that offers cheap cheaper domestic lending to the government. So it saves costs for the state at the same time as it reduces the social costs of a banking crisis. And it increases our society's defences against possible new blackmail by the European Central Bank, the flagship of the Troika. This is the immediately implementable 100-day moderate program of the Day 25 Alliance for Rupture.

It is undoubtedly moderate and reasonable then why do we call it a breakthrough programme? Because it is in the nature of the troika, internal and external, to break with any, any move, any threat to their own revenues. Anyone who dares to propose a moderate patriotic, pro-popular, rational, governmental programme, such as ours, even when it does not conflict with the European Treaties. In other words, we do not choose the rupture. We will legislate the obvious. The necessary to make Greece viable either in the euro or outside the euro. And our youth, you young people, to have a decent future, a decent perspective in our country. Just the memorandum arc will characterize them you hear them scream. They will characterize these self-evident rupture. And with the European Central Bank as an ally, as always vasta gerun remember. They will start making threats. This is how a break will occur. Because we don't lie. We tell you clearly, as we heard before. It takes virtue, courage and a willingness to break free. You know this shows in your faces.

Our people are simply not used to commies, who two days before the elections are not afraid to talk to them so openly. But that's how we are in the day 25 alliance for the break we say what we believe and we believe what we say. Both before election Sunday and after the election. And not just this election, but the election after that.

I'll leave you with two messages for tonight. A message to those who call us mounds of the system. You know to whom I refer. They call us, he says, mounds of the system, because we propose immediately applicable solutions to the problems of the people. To those who accuse us that the only thing we are interested in is to civilize capitalism, to build a better capitalism. This is as accurate as the obscene lie that they signed a memorandum. Let me be clear, capitalism is not being civilized. In fact, lately capitalism has been leaning towards modern forms of digital feudalism. Rosa Luxemburg is proving more relevant than ever or if humanity has to choose between socialism and barbarism. There is no third way. But let us be serious, to avoid barbarism it is not enough to invoke the idea of socialism in the abstract. Which, unfortunately, tragically in the minds of the majority has been tarnished as a concept. What is required is that what we do is to demonstrate what could be done even today. Before socialism comes, before Second Coming. And of course what we are doing is envisioning by referring in scientific detail to a self-managed, economically participatory, rational socialism that democratizes the economic sphere, democratizes work democratizes what happens inside the company where workers work, a socialism in other words worth bleeding to sacrifice, as so many generations before us have sacrificed to build.

And now. A message to the others who are saying to us, you guys, back off and let Mitsotakis go and we'll find everything else. Listen to this too, so. We answer them we live and breathe for it, we live and breathe for it to be deconstructed, we deconstruct Mitsotakis S.A. But comrades, we are left-wing people. Do they think that if one man leaves, the system changes? It's not enough for one man to leave, even a group of people, to get rid of the existing machotacism this unholy alliance of extreme centrists who have never in their lives seen a cartel they didn't love and the far right who think that the security of the country requires drowning immigrants in the Aegean Sea. To really root out Mitsotakis A E, not just change their label. To get rid of its shareholders, the oligarchs who don't mind if the company changes its name. Even a CEO. They'd be happy to take another one, that's how the shareholders of the multinationals do it, they pick off one CEO after another. All they care about is the dividends. This is also true with Mitsotakis SA. Oligarchs who wouldn't mind at all if on Monday morning there was another formation, another special purpose general purpose government with a progressive facade. What does Latsis and Vardinoyannis and Peristeri and Mytilineos and Alafouzos and Marinakis care? What if it all changes? As long as the implementation of the oligarchic policies of the shareholders of what is now called Mitsotakis S.A. continues. No change within the memorandum arc.

In fact, the intra-monetary alternation advocated by SYRIZA and PASOK is a guarantee of the perpetuation of Mitsotakism under a different name in the post-Mitsotakis era. They want your anger about Tempe to be incorporated, to be absorbed through a rotation. This will be the greatest victory of Kyriakos Mitsotakis and Mitsotakis S.A. We will not give it to them with our vote, with our participation. Friends, fellow travellers, things are simple; they are not complicated.

Our goal in this election, as in the next, is an electoral result. We know that we will enter the Parliament strengthened. That is not the issue. We want an electoral result that is based on the coherent of our party's rich well-worked, directly implementable government programme. this electoral result will launch the emergence of the new great militant left, which will soon claim power, in order to give it to the majority of the many who are currently being plundered by the oligarchy and big capital with the help of the three memorandum parties that invoke ideologies of liberalism, one social democracy, the other left, the third ideologies which they have all long since humiliated. Nothing less will suffice. No one office matters to us, no one distracts us from this goal. No siren will distract us. We advance the new great left that we are building here tonight in Thessaloniki of the Federations in Thessaloniki, of the National Resistance, of the Polytechnic, of the NO, of the referendum of your own struggles, against the university police. This political revolution respects the past, but refuses to borrow its poetry from the past only from the future. First time rupture, everything can be different.