Friends, thank you very much for your warm welcome, which is another message of victory and the rebirth of the democratic party. And here from the Thessalian plain, where the peasantry learned dignity from Andreas Papandreou's PASOK, because blood does not become water. Friends, at every station of this new course I see smiling faces, hoping faces, believing faces. Who believe in the new change, the new change of hope and dignity. Unfortunately, however, some remain unrepentant. Greece has had 10 difficult years. Farmers, small and medium-sized enterprises, a new generation on airplanes to go abroad, but some continue with populism, elitism and dead-end conflicts. Every day a surprise. Today it was Mr Mitsotakis' turn. He sees the young generation turning its back on him and what does he do? Does he talk about policies in the public interest, about new jobs, about new hopes? A one-off pass of 150 euros. I therefore call on the Greek youth to turn their backs on the contempt and disparagement of Mr Mitsotakis. We, with strong public education, with strong public health, with social housing, with good jobs, we invite the new generation to the political pass of dignity and hope. This is PASOK. This is the democratic party. Friends, SYRIZA today remembered Mr Varoufakis. And we heard that there was a discussion in his program to propose parallel local currencies. I guess they didn't learn the lesson of 2015, with the closed banks with the so-called Seismicity, with the no house in the hands of a banker, which brought electronic auctions and hundreds of thousands of loans to the fund crows. This is the populism of SYRIZA and this is all coming. When the loans of cooperatives of small private individuals have been sold to the extortionists and fund crows to talk today about local currencies. Do you finally know? And today it has been amply demonstrated that the only reason why Mr Mitsotakis has not yet fallen is that Mr Tsipras is still in the opposition. So that is why there is a third solution, a solution of democracy, respect for human rights, the separation of powers and sustainable development. And it is PASOK's solution.

Friends, we must be honest and realistic. Every day I listen to our political opponents. Does it say New Democracy, PASOK? But PASOK is closer to Syriza. Mitsotakis said it today, because voting for PASOK is closer to Syriza. Mr Tsipras says the same thing, and Mr Tsipras says, why should you vote for PASOK? It is closer to New Democracy. PASOK is closer to the Greek people and embraces their real concerns. But what are the agonies? PASOK is here, united, strong, renewed and on 21 May it is asking for a clear mandate for victory here in Thessaly too. But what is the anguish of Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis, who, while saying they want to work together, see that we are on the opposite side? Their anxiety is not political. It is personal, it is the agony of the chair, far from the real agony of every Greek household. That's why we say the people's. What is the change that many have been arguing about in recent days? Is it just a word? Is it a slogan engraved in the DNA of the democratic party? Does Mr Tsipras think things are that simple? Change is engraved in the popular subconscious of our people, because they are full of images and experiences, the experience of the national health care system of George Gennimata and Paraskevas Avgerinos, the public schools and public universities that make the children of farmers and ranchers doctors, engineers, lawyers, who built their future with dignity. What is the change? The big projects? The roads, the airports, the subways. What is change? Respect for people, the removal of the great discriminations of the post-civil war state, where Greeks united in the 1980s without party identities, without restrictions and exclusions? That was PASOK. This is the content of real change. So Mr Tsipras must understand that slogans are not enough. It is the work, the history, the social root that makes PASOK, the democratic party, different from his own party. And because he told us in the last few days that what do we need Andreas Papandreou for? Papandreou belongs to the history of the Greek people, he belongs to progress, he belongs to the great changes that he served above all. He belongs to the struggles for social justice and national dignity. But there is a question: in these struggles, did Andreas Papandreou and the subsequent leaderships have the party of Mr. Tsipras or the Right as their supporter? When did these two parties support PASOK? When we did the AΣEP? When we did Diavgeia, when we did Kapodistrias and Kallikrates to have self-government and regional development? Which major reform did the right and Syriza support? Here it came to the point where Greece was bankrupted by Mr Karamanlis and we were to make protection for the first home and they did not even vote for the protection of the first home, because they wore their party glasses and did not see the interests of the borrower.

But is that all? They tell us they are afraid. He says that we will settle with New Democracy. Our ballot papers, Mr Tsipras, are full of centre-left, progressive democrats. You made up with New Democracy before the elections of 21 May, with Kammeni, with Mr Antonaros and with all those who have identified themselves with the decline of the country and the extreme right.

Friends, here in Thessaly, I cannot fail to mention the tragedy of Tempi. A tragedy that is engraved in the heart of the Greek people. 57 people lost their lives in a violent and sudden manner. Because our state is not a normal European state that protects the citizen, that has transport with security, transparency in institutions and meritocracy. It is a state that after the tragedy, instead of hearing an apology and justice doing its job, to find out how this disputed stationmaster came to be in this position and we were listening to Mr Georgiades and Mr Voridis telling us that the transfer of the disputed stationmaster was legal, and a week ago the committee appointed by Mitsotakis himself, the three-member committee, came out and said that the transfer of the stationmaster was illegal because he had exceeded the age limit. Have you heard any apologies from Georgiades and Voridis? Why has SYRIZA stopped talking about the tragedy of Tempi? Because quite simply, on 21 October 2021, in Mr Karamanlis' drawer there was a conclusion from the transparency authority that we submitted to Parliament during the controversial procedure. What did that report say? That since 2014, 9 years, certain persons in the Ministry and in the OSE did not allow telecommanding when the Contract said that it had to be completed in 2 years and even when all the 55 million euros of the project were all European money and not even 1 euro of tax of the Greek people. So what did justice do? It never got hold of the conclusion and when we asked Mr Karamanlis why the judiciary had not got hold of the conclusion, he replied boldly that even he did not know of the existence of the conclusion that the transparency authority had submitted to his Ministry. Well, this is the Greece we need to change, the Greece of the client state and of widespread corruption and contempt for the public interest.

Friends, why do I call them unrepentant? Because we have organizations, hospitals that for many decades, except for a short period of our own government in 2010 with open gov, as soon as the elections are over, failed politicians, old MPs, old cronies of Maximos, take over the positions of governors, organizations and hospitals.

So what am I saying here from Larissa, but I don't hear them answering in public? I hope they will answer in the debate. I can promise you, if we are in government, that in two months' time you will not see any more party boys, but there will be an open international competition with high financial incentives for the best Greeks to come and serve our hospitals and public organisations. You cannot manage millions of euros and get €1700. You cannot manage millions of euros and be the best friend of Mitsotakis' nephew or the best friend of Mr Pappas. We have to make a normal European country and that is the vision of PASOK, the vision of the democratic party. A state, not a booty in the hands of the Prime Minister of the day, but a state that guarantees the public interest and respects the taxes of the Greek people.

Friends, I can't help but say that it was unthinkable in the Recovery Fund that there are no projects for strong rail lines, when the only green means in Europe that helps the green low-cost energy transition is the train, and instead of giving billions to make an extensive rail network, we cannot ensure the basics for Greek citizens. So that is why I pledge that we will look at everything. And above all, the unacceptable privatisation that Mr Tsipras called a sell-out at €300 and brazenly sold 45 million euros of TRAINOSE. And of course he gave a dowry of 250 million for the barren lines. We need to evaluate. Was this privatisation right? We propose a new strategic investor and again after privatisation, but to companies that have experience and not the companies that even in Italy cannot serve the people with better services.

Ladies and friends, I cannot not speak here from the plain of Thessaly about agricultural issues, production, extroversion, the dignity of the farmer, because our goal is not only for you but also for your children and grandchildren to stay in the plain of Thessaly, to cultivate the land, to have exports, to increase our population when demography is one of the biggest national problems of the country. So that is why we say, as our founder, Andreas Papandreou, used to say, that the rural world is the backbone of the democratic party. For years now, the rural population has been declining. In the last decade, our farmers have decreased by some 260 000 and the area under cultivation by 6.5 million hectares. 1.3 billion in agricultural income has been lost. 70% of our farmers are in debt to public funds, the National Social Security Fund and banks. Tens of thousands of farmers and 727 cooperatives are carrying red loans from the time of the Agricultural Bank and many today are being extorted by the funds. The threat of foreclosures is stronger than ever, with the national risk of national danger of the deflation of the Greek economy. The cost of production has risen by 22.4% in this year and a half alone, with increases in electricity, oil, animal feed and fertilisers. What has the New Democracy government done to counter the undermining of the competitiveness of our productive base? Only ephemeral allowances. At the same time, the implementation of the new CAP and its programmes has been significantly delayed, with the result that thousands of farmers do not know what will happen with their applications, when their investments will be subsidised. It is now May and even now the OPEKEPE information system is still down. This is the staff state of the New Democracy, which supposedly said that the digital transition in the way the new CAP was to be implemented would cause solutions but has caused new chaos. When will the institutional framework, which is the basic prerequisite for the implementation of the new CAP, be formulated. Because of the delays, our farmers and livestock farmers risk losing 50% of their basic support and the country will be forced to pay new fines to the European Union. What are the conditions for the application of the ecological schemes? When will the audit of farms be carried out? Finally, let the gentlemen of the New Democracy make up their minds and stop the mockery. Are the delays due to incompetence or is it an attempt to conceal the real reduction in subsidies for the Greek farmer? And of course, the other big issue is the land workers. This year again, New Democracy's lack of action has robbed them of valuable hands, resulting in rotting fruit on trees all over Greece.

Friends, in the face of this difficult reality, PASOK and I personally here from the Thessalian plain with specific commitments, commitments that will make the farmer to lower production costs and remain upright and competitive in the coming years. We are immediately starting interventions, measures to reduce production costs, especially in agricultural supplies and zero excise duty on agricultural oil for the entire period of the crisis, support for energy communities between farmers, farmers, farmers, cooperatives and of course small municipalities. The green transition cannot be achieved with big pharaonic parks of the 5 big oligarchs of the country. This is not democratisation in energy production. This is a country where the rich get richer and the peasants get poorer. That's why PASOK says priority small parks to farmers, ranchers and cooperatives to have stable energy and production costs for the next 15 years. Also, introduction of unconfiscated and tax-free subsidies, compensation and aid to farmers. Updating the insurance regulation of ELGA, extending and covering disasters to livestock and crops caused by climate change. It is unthinkable. Mr Tsipras discovered climate change at Mati. We have been talking about green growth for 15 years now, when the gentlemen of New Democracy were talking about green horses and now they are not compensating farmers for the extreme climate change phenomena that they know only too well will increase in the coming years. We owe the whole process for the new CAP programmes to be completed within a year. We are abolishing the policy of the runner-up beneficiary through proper planning of resources and not through wastefulness in subsidies. But we also need a national strategic plan for the new agri-food and production, which includes increasing the amounts from the Recovery Fund to the green and digital transformation of production and reducing the environmental footprint. Strengthening organic crops and farms, enhancing the competitiveness and extroversion of our national products and protecting and promoting PDO products and standardisation. And of course, the vision of linking the agricultural sector of livestock and processing with tourism.

We don't want Greece to be a huge hotel. We want the travellers who come to Greece to taste the products of Made in Greece: agri-food, processing, good wine, good oil, our well-processed livestock products.

Friends, we owe it to each region to set up at least one agricultural park with subsidised infrastructure and to create a corresponding export body with the participation of cooperatives, businesses and networks. We must strengthen the cooperative schemes that can ensure better financing, better supply of inputs, cooperation with research centres and promotion of quality products on international markets. Agriculture needs to be based on the knowledge of modern times with farmer training and advisory services, the application of innovations in agricultural production and, of course, schools and institutes, agricultural schools to adequately train Greek farmers and their children free of charge. Reduction of taxes and concessions of public land and utilization of new activities for collective production schemes. This is the plan of the democratic party to make our farmers competitive people again who will produce wealth and their children will stay here in the Thessalian plain and in all of Greece. We will not allow the de-fellatinisation of Greek land. We will not allow our villages to have no Greeks, no inhabitants in the years to come.

Friends, pensions, social housing and the welfare state. PASOK can guarantee them because it has put them into practice in the past. We are talking about a new ESAS. The old EKAS was abolished by Mr Tsipras. A new ESAS for 350,000 low pensioners. And of course, addressing the injustices created by the Katrougalos and Vroutsis laws by abolishing the personal differential and this is a commitment to dignity pensions.

Friends, as I said before, for us demography is the great national issue. But it is not solved by benefits that do not even arrive in the first week of the month. We are providing comprehensive solutions of a strong welfare state. For young couples, the priority is to bring down the cost of living. What are the inelastic costs? First, rent. Rents have been galloping in recent years. So we propose to do what is happening in Portugal, Spain, Italy, Italy, Germany and Austria. That is, to have a pool of social housing, either newly built from the Recovery Fund, or with tax and reconstruction criteria with zero ENVAT to be included in the pool and rented for 15 years at a very low rent to your children and grandchildren to have families. This is a programme that does not create citizen-customers, like Mr Mitsotakis's programme, where very few people can take advantage of low-interest loans, but it is a programme that is used by 150,000 families and at the same time, through competition, it brings down rents overall in all the urban centres of the country.

Friends, if Mr Mitsotakis believed this, he could have done it, but he did not. He chose the 150€ pass before the elections. And you will tell me why he didn't believe them? If he believed them, he would have done what Costa did. 26,000 newly built houses were put by the Portuguese in the Recovery Fund, 20,000 by the Spanish, 11,000 by the Italians and Mr Mitsotakis giving the 150 euro pass, 70 houses in Athens and 30 in Thessaloniki. This is contempt for the youth of our country.

And of course, the Greek mother. We have a duty to safeguard the economic and social position of the Greek mother, so I pledge that in the coming years no child will be left out of nurseries throughout Greece.

Friends. Private debt. Rents are galloping but not only rents and debts. Millions of euros in debts to tax offices, to the National Social Insurance Fund, to banks. I did not come to Larissa to tell you about Seisachthia. I did not come to Larissa to tell you that you will pay loans and taxes. I came here to speak the language of truth, because when you go to a poor man whose house is in danger and tell him about Seisakhthia, you should be ashamed after five years, not asking Mr Tsipras to become Prime Minister again. And of course, Mr Mitsotakis completely abolished the protection of the first home that the government of George Papandreou achieved in 2010. So what do we say? Firstly, we restore the protection of the first home with modern objective economic criteria, based on the amount of repayment of the borrower, so that no one is at risk of losing their home after the next election, as a result of the Supreme Court's decision in January. We do not want any middle-class Greek or weak Greek to be held hostage by the banks in the coming years. Arrangements for all these people, arrangements of a second chance of dignity. Redeeming solutions, not hostage-taking and blackmail. And of course, what happens now with the funds? They have taken out billions in loans. What are we going to do? Are we going to let people be held hostage and blackmailed with negotiations under the table? But they came to Greece for one reason and one reason only. They took 10-15% of the value to sell it for 20-25% and then go and destroy another society, in another country. Are we going to let our society, our economy, our archipelago of small and medium enterprises close down one after another? No. That is why we propose that the transfer negotiations be conducted within the framework of the negotiations that the banking system is formally conducting, so that priority is given to regulation and not to the elimination of the borrower by the crows. Also, the Swiss franc. 80,000, Greek families are being held hostage because of Swiss franc loans. We propose that one third of the interest rate increase should be borne by the borrower and two thirds by the banks and finally, if the Bank continues, after the billions we have given them for capital adequacy, to have the largest difference in Europe between the interest rate on mortgages and the interest rate on deposits, to tax their excess profits in order to stop the obscenity of these monopolies at the expense of the Greek people. Friends, we have a debt. PASOK is here, united and strong, not only to grow as a party, but for every progressive democratic Greek throughout Greece to find a home. Here is the genuine home of hope and perspective, of social justice and national dignity. And of course 120 instalments of payments to EFKA and the tax authorities for all. New Democracy was telling us, what are you talking about? We did it 15 days ago. So I am asking today and here from Larissa tomorrow morning to take a walk in the market and take a poll. How many people you know have been able to join the 120 instalment scheme? To understand the audacity of Mr Mitsotakis? So we say 120 instalments for everyone, including the National Social Security Fund and the tax authorities, and whoever keeps to the end of the arrangement, 30% reduction from the initial capital.

Friends. We have a duty to revive one of the greatest children of PASOK. The national health care system is collapsing. The Greek people pay the third highest private health care costs in Europe. We are third after Lithuania and Bulgaria and with very low wages. Do you know? Mr Mitsotakis gave an interview the other day and said that our health is doing very well. On the same day, Mrs Gaga issued a circular saying that we are not covering on-call duties, so come and let us cover on-call duties from other specialities because there is not enough staff. On the same day. And of course Mrs. Ganga withdrew the circular not because the problem was solved, but because she didn't want to crush Mr. Mitsotakis' narrative.

So we come to solve the issue of the NHS. How? But the Recovery Fund was not for many reasons, it was for health, the green transition, digital convergence. Those were the priorities of the Recovery Fund that was done because of the pandemic. Europe gave 32 billion to Greece because of the pandemic. Of the 32, 21 of them were subsidies. What did the other countries do? It's not just the Greek public health system that has a problem. The Portuguese gave 8%, the Italians 11%, we gave 2% for services and another 2% for the energy upgrade of buildings. This is Mr Mitsotakis's belief in the public social good of health care, and we will stand in the way of the privatisation of health care that will further impoverish the weakest Greeks. That is why I am committing from the Recovery Fund 8 to 10% of the resources to go to the NHS. Second commitment, strong primary health care throughout Greece, an extensive network in every city, in every village to have services close to the citizen for the citizen, when a country has such issues of an ageing population and of course staffing of the NHS. Financial incentives for all health professionals to keep our doctors in Greece and not to travel to Germany, Belgium and France. And of course, let us end the mockery of heavy and unhealthy work. I pledge after the elections as a government to include all our health workers in the heavy and unhealthy so that they have real solutions and not the applause of the mockery.

Friends. I cannot close without commenting. PASOK is everywhere, but it will go everywhere in the next 15 days from all of you. From you I expect you to take the struggle and the agony of our people into your hands. Together, each and every one of you individually to take the word of progress, the word of dignity, the word of change close to the citizen. Friends, in closing, I want you to think about what we are historically, why we are the democratic party? I am not saying that there are no democrats and people who are fighters in other parties. For God's sake, we are not arrogant. But this party is the democratic party because since its foundation and I am not only talking about Andreas Papandreou. I am talking about the pioneer, the first founder, Eleftherios Venizelos. From Eleftherios Venizelos to Andreas Papandreou, a century of a democratic party, fighting for human rights, for democracy, for democracy, for the rule of law, for the people, and always standing up to the domestic elites against the foreign powers that have been attacking our national interests. So this party with its deep historical social roots and now, just before the elections, has shown its true character, its true values.

On the issue of Golden Dawn. I cannot imagine that there are young people in our country who would consider voting for Mr Kasidiaris' party. The party that praises Hitler, the man who bloodied Greece, the party that painted its hands with the blood of Pavlos Fyssa and the immigrants. Their place is and will be in darkness and in prison. But here are some questions that all democrats must ask the Greek people every day until the next elections. Why did Mr Mitsotakis allow the murderers, the neo-Nazis, to campaign for three years from within the prisons? In what other European state would a gang - apart from ideology - campaign from inside the prison? In what other country would they wait 2 months before an election to legislate? We said from the beginning, and with the late Fofi Gennimata, that there had to be a law to prevent murderers from participating in our democracy. But Mr Mitsotakis had second thoughts; what are those second thoughts? As long as he was seeing Golden Dawn below 3%, he tells you a big remainder, low bar for self-reliance. As soon as he saw Golden Dawn going above 3%, I say to you, whoa, they're getting into parliament. Small remainder, self-reliance bar goes up. This is Mr Mitsotakis' code of opportunism even on these huge issues of democracy in our country. And of course Mr. Tsipras, who has the audacity to want to fish for votes in murky waters. And he doesn't vote, he didn't vote for the law that would have prevented the murderous neo-Nazis from participating in the political system. Mr Varoufakis, who had even more nerve. What did Mr Varoufakis say? He said, I wish they did not exist, but since they do exist, we cannot ban them from participating. And I ask you, in which European country do parties of murderers, apart from ideologies, participate? So that's the left, that's the right. That is why we have a one-way street: the rebirth of PASOK and the democratic party with the principles and values of 3 September, the principles that made the Greek people live through the years of post-independence, the years of democracy, the rule of law and the separation of powers.

These parties have bad habits. Mr Mitsotakis has brought back the habits of his dad, the habits of the eavesdropping state. Then, Mavrikis, now the nephew. And of course, the nephew who was completely covered up from his responsibilities for the wiretapping state. Do they respect justice? In what other European country would we have such a scandal, that they are watching me, the heads of the armed forces, his own ministers, and I note this because I hear some people saying but Mr Mitsotakis wants you to co-govern and I answer them here from Larissa. Here, Mr Mitsotakis cannot co-govern with his own party; will he co-govern with the PASOK party of principles and values?

Friends. Justice. Justice is the great issue for our people. In every company, in every conversation there is desperation for justice. It has been ingrained in people from all corners of the country that justice does not exist and does not work. That no matter what the powerful do and while powerful and financially and politically powerful they will never pay and take their responsibilities while the people have no chance. So I want to say to you here from Larissa that we have a duty to build a new relationship of trust with the Greek people, and how is this relationship being built? When you respect justice, when you respect people, when you speak the language of truth and do not disregard their logic. So I want to tell you that there is no chance of me betraying any of you, because every day the relationship of honesty that I am building with the Greek people is getting stronger. I could not imagine my closest associate being convicted 13-0 by the Special Court, like Mr Pappas, Mr Tsipras' best friend, and instead of sending him home I would have him on the PASOK ballot papers. I could not imagine a close relative of mine being a protagonist in this corruption, like Mr Mitsotakis' nephew, and not being brought to justice. This is not a normal European country. I pledge to you that just as PASOK built the Greece of the 20th century, the Greece that demolished the post-civil war state, I pledge to you that together with all of you we will build the European country of the future, the strong Greece for all Greeks. In this party there will be no Patsy's in this party who will take the loans of the Greek people, disregarding their interests. In this party no corruption will ever again be tolerated. Together we will change the country, together we will change all the bad things and we have a duty to confront all the powerful interests that do not allow our country and the new generation to stand on its feet.

Friends, in closing, I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for this. Today's demonstration sends a clear message of victory here in Larissa and throughout Greece. I therefore call upon every Greek, together with every Greek, to make change possible on May 21, together, to rebuild together the Greece of social justice and national dignity. Friends. 15 days left, only 15 days. Take the cause of the party's rebirth into your own hands. All together from tomorrow in every village, in every workplace, in every city. 21 May, a great victory, a great change, a strong PASOK and you can be sure that we will put back into the dustbin of history the toxicity, populism and elitism that condemns the Greek people and does not allow them to have better days of perspective and hope. All together for the new Greece of the future. Be well and have a good race. Raise the flags of the green sun with pride. Remember the struggles, the historic struggles of Andreas Papandreou. Remember the struggles of all generations and it is a great honour for me to look at the fighters, democrats and progressives of all generations of the PASOK renaissance here today in front of the ancient theatre of Larissa. Bless you and have a good fight. Victory is near. All together, let's go strong. Fight, fight, fight, fight.