Thank you all for being here today to make a brief summary and introduction of course in relation to what we have seen in Kalamata and Messinia as a whole. We are over-optimistic now, not just optimistic. We are walking around without riot police and without a flag, as other political leaders do. City by city, people by people, because we believe that this is where we can really find the Greeks, who are having a difficult time at this particular time, so that we can be close to them, so that we can listen to them. It is very important that Greeks, especially political leaders and politicians, listen to the problems of the citizens.

We'll start with the politics. This morning we had a blunt admission by a New Democracy candidate, Mr Kaouki, of apostasy. Mr Kaoukis told a television channel that if New Democracy does not get the necessary MPs, it will get them from other parties. And indirectly confirmed the communication Mylonakis, as he said indirectly with New Democracy. So, this means that the ethics committee did very well in this story. It was perceived as a defection. People who were supposedly in the Hellenic Solution, but were working for other parties. And we make it clear once again in every direction and especially to the Prime Minister and his entourage. Their namesakes. Under another name. Of the alleged renegades that the Hellenic Solution will not accept any but no crack in its unbroken front for government. We will not co-govern, we want to govern Greece. For the benefit of the Greeks and not for the benefit of foreign agents or foreign countries. So this blunt admission should make the Prime Minister realize that he cannot play with institutions and parties. Shame on New Democracy, this historic, but more shame on the prime minister's entourage. That is where its rot and the country's difference begins.

The second is the effort and I see it being broadcast on many Greek Solution sites today. To ensure the integrity of the elections. Singular is not the company that Greek democracy can rely on. It is a company that is corrupt in the sense that it has family connections. The company that bought it with the Prime Minister's entourage. We must and we have submitted it to the bipartisan committee to have a software audit from September, cries Hellenic Solution and the speaker you see before you. That they have installed software that can steal the election. And I say it so bluntly. We begged Mr. Tsipras. And the other parties in the bipartisan to have the software tested by independent experts. We are sounding the alarm about election theft are they capable of anything when their MPs admit defections? It is certain that in order to govern and to be able to win them or their friends billions of euros from the Recovery Fund they are capable of anything. The Greek Solution does not play with the institutions. The Greek Solution is institutionally democratic. This is the party that will change Greece. I am waiting for the reactions of the other parties, because if Mr. Tsipras does not speak. If the other parties do not speak, it means that they too are participants and accomplices in a rigged election. And I say so, crudely staged. Let's get our roles straight a little bit.

The third one, which for me is very important and I will say it now. I learn that the Supreme Court. He left. A party that declares itself Turkish to run in the elections. So you allow parties that are anti-national, since they declare themselves Turkish to run in elections and you reject them with ridiculous excuses? Other parts that have another opinion. The parts that were cut. They have a stance on national issues, especially Macedonia, the Aegean and exploitation. What the Greek Solution has been saying for many, many years. And they are parties that have a patriotic view and discourse. The parties that were cut are parties that would have created a problem for Mr Mitsotakis and his party, which is not New Democracy. The parties that passed are parties that are fluid. National perception I am not talking about the Turkish party that had to get out anyway. I cannot understand what judge can let a party that has another national consciousness go free in our national elections. But to prevent other parties.

So, from yesterday, the Greek Solution. Overcoming any personal mood that each of us may have. Any personal or party interest. It calls all Greeks, the parties that were cut off, to re-unite and to join in a pan-army. To join forces after May 21 to strike at the whole horizontal system that has a certain point of view. An anti-national unpopular view, with measures that create a huge problem for Greece and the Greeks and we say to them after May 21, leave the presidential elections, leave the chairman's views and perceptions and come under the umbrella of Greece to unite together to create the great Greek patriotic party. The Hellenic Solution, realizing the debt to Greece, took the first step on May 21 then after the elections. The process of unification of the patriotic forces must be initiated. There can be no baby-faced ambitions. Vanities can create obstacles to this patriotic call. So we shall see what happens from there? That's all I could say as an introduction. On many different subjects.

I'll just mention one, if you'll allow me. The one that they keep hiding on the channels and I'm sorry, but I'll show it. Here you see the American ambassador, the Greek-American is Tzounis with Mr. Tsipras. Here are the two of them at the Delphi Forum. A forum of dubious usefulness for our national, mostly national, issues. There have been two incidents that no channel, not even the New Democracy's, have shown. The first event was Mr Tsipras' statement that he does not want mining in Greece. He does not want mining; we are talking about trillions of euros of Greek money that we can give to 10 million million Greeks and they can live with golden spoons. We are talking about 3 trillion euros stored in the depths of the Greek earth and he does not want mining. So Mr Tsipras is in line with the earlier statements of Mr Dendias and Mr Mitsotakis, no mining in Greece for gas or other hydrocarbons.

The second one that occurred and was shut down by the channels at the very same forum conference by Mr. Tsounis, the Greek-American. He said that yes, Turkey should get F16s. To end the story. Keep the 2 statements. They are a prelude to what will happen after May 21. Co-exploitation in the Aegean with Turkey is coming. A coalition of the 3 parties is coming, 2 certainly 3 if need be, because they now agree on everything and disagree on a few. Where they disagree. In their hypocrisy. Who is more of a hypocrite and liar when I see a Syriza TV spot? On red loans. SYRIZA's that did. And that's what's weird and hypocritical about electronic auctions. That he arrested by order of Mr. Tsipras those who disagreed. So the one who did the electronic auctions today says, will he change the law to save us?

It's exactly the same thing. With the expensive electricity that Greeks are experiencing, why am I saying that? Because the energy exchange was legislated by Syriza. And when we talk about an energy exchange, we are talking about an exchange product, which means high price accuracy. That's just an introduction to show you their hypocrisy.

I am ready and at your disposal. Let me also say this. That if the people of Messina really love their country. It is mainly the farmers and stockbreeders, but also the fishermen, who must vote for the Greek Solution. Greek solution. Why do I say Messini? Why? The overwhelming majority of the work of the Greek MEP Mr. Fragos. In the European Parliament was it an issue? The Kalamata olive and the oil of Messinia? We fought to protect this product. It was taken over by a Greek MEP. When the others have 5, 6, 7 and we made it a flag.

At least the farmers should appreciate the Hellenic Solution for the struggle for the primary sector and the whole Peloponnese together. Of course, with livestock and fishing as an introduction and let us not forget that we are the only ones talking about a fourth generation port in Kalamata with a rail link from Kalamata to Florina. For national, economic and other reasons. Unfortunately, nobody listens to us. I hope that the citizens will listen to us and on 21 May they will give us an answer. If you have any questions at your disposal?