Friends, thank you very much for your presence. It is touching to see all generations of PASOK united again, strong. We come on June 25th to conquer the place that our party deserves in the democratic landscape. All generations are here, but our beloved mayor is missing, as well as our candidate Fotis Hatzidiakos, whom I wish all the best and hope to see with us soon. This struggle has just begun, and I am sure that in the coming years, our party will once again become a strong opponent of the New Democracy. We are the real progressive alternative that the Greek people and our country need.

Friends, after the OECD report - in fact, the report that the New Democracy government despises - we can draw safe conclusions. Real wages in Greece have fallen by 7.4%. Wages are rising only in nominal terms, and of course, they will continue to fall in 2023. There is some chance of real income growth in 2024. Finally, who is lying? Is it New Democracy, OASA, or the European Commission? Obviously, Mr. Mitsotakis is lying. He disdains the intelligence of the Greek people by questioning the data of all the international organizations that show the impoverishment of the Greek people in the last years of the economic crisis.

But is this not the only evidence? In 2022, the trade deficit in Greece was 12%. This year, it is set at 9.2%. If you ask them, they will tell you it's because of the pandemic and the energy crisis. This is a pan-European phenomenon, so listen to what is happening in another country with similar problems to Greece, like Portugal. Last year, while we had a 12% deficit, they had a 1% deficit, and this year we will have a 9.2% deficit. Portugal will have a 1% surplus, so it is not a general phenomenon. It is a specific phenomenon in our country: the failure of the New Democracy to build an outward-looking productive base. We have the largest trade deficit since 2010, and I am sounding the alarm here in Rhodes too, to a government of populists in ties, which disregards the intelligence of the Greek people and their real problems, increasing inequalities every day at the expense of the middle class and the poorest Greeks.

But is that all? There are also taxes. In the last few days, New Democracy has been accusing PASOK of expensive tax policies, but it is New Democracy that has pinned down the purchasing power of households in Greece, as the figures from Tuesday show. Since the end of the European Union, we have seen a decrease in the purchasing power of our households. New Democracy serves the few at the expense of the many. They lie because we said we want graduated taxation of dividends. We are answering them here in Rhodes, and I am talking about dividends, not corporate profits, because they are trying to distort that too. We are only talking about dividends. And I ask, is there a small, medium, or large enterprise that pays individual dividends of 100, 200, and 300,000 euros? What is that? So let me give you a simple example to see who serves the middle class, the vulnerable, the real Greek economy, and who serves the oligarchs. With the graduated taxation that we propose at 70,000 €, individual dividends pay one person a grand more. And at €120,000 individual dividend, €4000 more to have individual dividends of €150,000 a year. He must have one and a half million euros in OTE shares. There is someone here among us. So who does Mr. Mitsotakis and the media systems that flout the intelligence of the people serve, you or the oligarchs? So here is the value and the difference of the Democratic Party against a system of power that is only interested in defending the interests of the few. Their concern is not the weak and the middle class. Their anguish is the few who support them.

They are calling for the taxation of energy producers' excess profits. However, they themselves have not taxed suppliers' excess profits, which are in Mr. Skreka's drawer. I am also alarmed by Syriza, who until recently agreed to the graduated taxation of dividends. A few months ago, Mr. Tsipras also agreed to the taxation of banks' excess profits, as the difference between the interest rate on deposits and mortgages is the highest in the European Union. Therefore, I am surprised that in the last 10 days, they have changed their position on dividends and the taxation of bank surpluses. This is a clear demonstration of who they are and who their sponsors are. They are the only ones responsible for the 40% that Mr. Mitsotakis has taken. How else can we explain the lack of serious opposition after Tempi, the wiretapping scandal, the huge inequalities, and the widespread corruption? The only reason is that there was no credible alternative government proposal in the country, and here we are with PASOK. We need a genuine opponent of New Democracy to provide a credible alternative government proposal in the country, not just talk about it on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and the rest of the week.

Friends also blame us for talking about changing the tax-free parental allowance. We are saying that the tax-free threshold should not be up to €4.8 million. I ask again, are there people among you who pass on to their children, their children's families up to €4.8 million in mobile and real estate? This concerns the middle class and the vulnerable. Only businessmen and oligarchs can be affected by this tax exemption on parental benefits up to €4.8 million. We say the limit should be €400,000 per parent, with 2 parents up to €800,000 to each child. I say this because it may not be a lot of money, but there is strong symbolism, and with a fiscal footprint, it is possible to say to young children who went abroad for a better life, to the poor Greeks who paid €5 billion more VAT than budgeted in the last 2 years, to those who see the price of milk, bread, cheese, and meat going up, that while they are in a desperate situation, while half of the public sector is stable, there will be a tax exemption of up to €4.8 million euros. There are people and journalists who spread this unfair policy that is being practiced in our country. So we are here to bring social justice and national dignity to every Greek woman and every Greek man. We are not populist. We speak in concrete terms, and our strength is that what we are saying is happening in other European countries and is bringing about a society with prospects for all, societies with a strong welfare state, with health, with education, with fair taxation, with a competitive economy.

Friends, populism with a tie doesn't stop there. We are told that cutting rates on VAT and excise duty is inflationary and populist. Why do we say this? I say to you, dear friends, that this issue was also addressed in the 2019 New Democracy program and in most of Mr. Mitsotakis's speeches before the 2019 elections. He talked about a minimum VAT rate and a reduced rate on indirect taxes. Now Mr. Skertsos, a former employee of the Association of Greek Industrialists who still serves them, is coming out and saying that the reduction of indirect tax rates does not help the middle class or the poor, but rather the financially powerful and the oligarchs. Economics, like medicine, physics, and mathematics, has rules. Mr. Skertsos has made his own rules and is telling the Greek people, for the first time in economic science in the world, that cutting indirect taxes does not help the poor and the middle class, but rather the oligarchs. Shame on you, gentlemen of the New Democracy, for disregarding even the elementary rules of economic science in order to defend your narratives that float away from the social reality of the country. But we are here to be a real opponent of realism and progress, and they know all too well that they no longer have a toxic opposition, but rather the strong opposition of PASOK. We say things by name and we acknowledge what is happening in all the countries of the European Union, not just in countries like Hungary and Poland that do not have strong public health, public education, and fair taxation.

"It slipped out from a New Democracy politician a few days ago to say, 'What do we want? Romania's model of development is not what the Greek people want.' This is the model of development that the Greek people want: a low cost of living. We will not make the country accept widespread corruption, a country where the middle class will be impoverished at the expense of the powerful. We are an old European country and we have a duty to serve the European social model that gives prospects to all citizens. The European social democratic model gives prospects to all generations."

Friends, we do not talk much about pensions. We are trying, at a specific fiscal cost, to solve the great injustices faced by 350,000 low-pensioners who are in dire straits since Mr. Tsipras abolished the EKAS. We will reinstate the new ESAS for these low-pensioners. The second issue is that we will abolish the personal differential from 1/1/24 and the unfair provisions on disability and widow's pensions. All these interventions will cost 1.1 billion euros. I call on Mr. Mitsotakis and Mr. Tsipras to take our programs to the budget office of the House of Representatives so that the people understand who is telling the truth and who is consciously fooling them once again. We also propose the introduction of a single pay scale for civil servants with increases for the first time in years that will cover the losses due to inflation at a total cost of 1.2 billion euros. Therefore, all our interventions in pensions and civil servants will cost 2.3 billion euros, much less than the 10 billion that they shamelessly broadcast. Gentlemen of the New Democracy.

This is the great child of PASOK, founded by George Gennimatas and Paraskevas Avgerinos, and we have a duty to revive it and stop the decline that is consciously driving it. The New Democracy serves powerful economic interests, and when the elements of the European Union are also inexorable, the Greek people pay the third-highest private health expenditure in the whole of Europe, surpassed only by Lithuania and Bulgaria. To see the figures is inexorable. The countries with the lowest tax rates on dividends over 100,000 are us and Lithuania. So it is no coincidence that in these countries that do not tax the very powerful, the welfare state is declining. We want a Western European welfare state, not a Balkan-style one. Mr Mitsotakis is at the expense of the poorest Greeks for the benefit of powerful economic interests. So what are we saying? They could have said once that they had no money. But to revive the NHS, Europe created the Recovery Fund with health as a priority. The Recovery Fund is born after the pandemic. What are we saying? Don't give 2-4% of the Recovery Fund. 2% is the actual percentage of the 20 billion. 4% goes after energy upgrading of buildings, but for services, it is 2%, when the Portuguese, Italians, and Spanish give 8-11%. Why? Because the problems we have with the ageing population, with the economic crisis that has reduced health spending, all these countries have them, so they have found a golden opportunity in the Recovery Fund to regenerate their public health.

So, what do we say about at least 8-10% of the regeneration of the NHS with strong primary healthcare? We need to immediately staff the NHS with permanent medical staff and increase the salaries of doctors and all NHS staff. They should also be included in the heavy and unhealthy payroll. Many have talked about this, but in the end, they only received applause. We will do it because we believe it is fair. All these people deserve better salaries and to be included in the heavy and unhealthy payroll. My friends here in the Dodecanese know better than I do the need to strengthen all healthcare structures. We need medical nursing staff with modern equipment on the islands and upgraded telemedicine services. This is the only way that healthcare structures, reference hospitals of large islands, and new university hospitals can make proper use of new scientific possibilities. The Recovery Fund can also help to provide modern medicine and support all islands and populations. Otherwise, thousands of younger people will choose to leave the smaller islands due to the poor quality of the welfare state.

In education, we do not enter the competition. The communication competition that Syriza and New Democracy are entering into, we are entering into the essence of the problem, and the essence of the problem is one and basic: if, at the moment, the center of gravity of public schooling has been transferred to private schooling, this is hurting the weakest families who do not have the money to pay millions of euros in private schooling. Thank you very much. May you all be well together, united by land and sea. We will make PASOK strong because it is here united and strong. So, while education is being privatized, we are talking about transferring the center of education back to the public school. How will this be done? It will be with the national school leaving certificate. With the national school leaving certificate, the future of the child will not be decided in only two weeks, with the stress, with the pressure, with the costs that exist today. But in the last two years, so that the children have a focus on public school and the number of tutorials is reduced and families can educate their children at low cost. We also support special education structures. It is unthinkable for a European Union country that thousands of Greek children on the autism spectrum do not have the services that other European Union countries have, and it is a priority for a socialist country to strengthen special education structures so that we can have a truly inclusive school. And, of course, innovative forms of remedial teaching to reduce inequalities, learning inequalities.

Beyond the cost of living, private debt is a bomb on the foundations of Greek society. Businesses and households owe millions of euros. After the mockery of Mr. Tsipras, who said "Seismicity, don't pay," and after a year, he sold billions of euros to funds that are now extorting cooperatives of small and medium-sized households. We are saying that it may not be possible to do in Seisakhthia as Mr. Tsipras was saying, also disregarding a people with huge economic and social problems. But we consider it our principle, as we did in 2010 with the PASOK law, to universally protect the first home. It is our duty that no house of a middle-class, weak Greek person should be handed over to the crows of the funds, and I am talking about the first house. There must be similar protection for agricultural property. We must not allow the de-fellatinisation of the Greek land. Also, protection for borrowers. They have taken loans in Swiss francs with the limitation of the interest cost to 1/3 of the liability and 2/3 to the banking institution. Substantial negotiation with the banks and taking measures to fight and prevent increases in interest rates on loans for weak households; reducing the profit margin of banks for consistent borrowers, because they must have incentives for all, both for those who need a second chance of dignity and for those who are consistent in their arrangements.

And two more issues, we owe it to all parties to pass a law, a negotiating framework with funds and borrowers, so that there are rules, solutions, and regulations, and not the rule of the annihilation of the Greek economy. The funds do not want regulations; they want to speculate and go to another country. Therefore, we must legislatively impose a framework of regulations like the banks, so that they behave honestly and transparently. As clients, it is our priority to discuss this legislative framework with all parties in the House of Assembly, to establish a norm of noble arrangements for borrowers.

Finally, regarding the 120 installments, the New Democracy gentlemen claim to have brought them. What 120 installments did they bring? Taking a walk in the market of Rhodes is only for a few. We are talking about universal 120 installments for debts to the tax authorities and social security funds, and not the mockery that only a few can benefit from. Mr. Skertos says that we will lose money, but we are not losing money now. Thousands of people cannot plan their financial future for their businesses because they do not have regulations. With regulations, we are giving a boost to an archipelago of small and medium-sized enterprises, which is the backbone of the Greek economy. PASOK's priority is to support these small and medium-sized enterprises, both with regulations and with the tools of the financial institution that the Recovery Fund should have, beyond the criteria of the banks.

Friends, demography is a huge national issue. It is a priority of PASOK and this patriotic movement to deactivate the demographic bomb. We support the family, especially young mothers in their multiple roles. We pledge that no child will stay with PASOK in government outside of a crèche and a creative employment centre. Every Greek mother will know in advance that her child will have a place in these public structures. We propose an increase in maternity allowance for women freelancers and a reduction in taxes for families with children. They ask us why we are proposing these tax changes. I didn't come up with them. I'm imitating them from countries that are ready to prevent disaster when we're headed for demographic catastrophe and doing nothing. It is no accident that a family with 2 children has a 10 point reduced tax rate compared to a family with no children in Portugal, 14 in the Czech Republic, and 15 in Ireland, and over 10 in most countries of the European Union that have huge demographic issues. Do you know what the difference is? 3 points? So we are committed to going at least in the first instance to 8 points of tax rate differential to support families with 2 children to deal with the demographic problem, which is a major national issue. PASOK is committed to speaking to the heart of the Greek family with social justice and a perspective for our country.

Insularity. We all know very well that tourism is a basic source of life on our islands. It is a basic source of economy, but nothing should be left to its own devices. We have a responsibility now to create a different kind of tourism from the one we have, a quality tourism with added value, not a tourism for a few powerful businessmen. And this is not an invention; it is a best practice that has been going on for decades in Italy, Spain, and recently in Portugal. What does this mean? It means that we will not celebrate if we have 25 million tourists, but we will celebrate when a large percentage of these travelers taste domestically processed products and ask for them in winter in their homelands around the world. This will be the victory, while a modern model of tourism will give added value not only to the islands but to all of Greece with processed products, with the primary sector in priority.

That's why I didn't go to Chios by chance the day before yesterday. I went to the iconic mastic research center that creates specialized products. Neither was I at the Toplou monastery in Sitia yesterday or the day before yesterday, which has fantastic oil and standardized wine that traveling tourists taste in Sitia. Nor was I accidentally found in Rethymno yesterday, at the association of agricultural cooperatives, with its well-known cheeses, or today at the honey museum. Because all these businesses must be a priority, while the modern plan is for a competitive Greece, a Greece with thousands of good jobs, and not a Greece that sees its children migrate like birds and does nothing but play the role of a policeman to powerful economic interests. We want strong tourism that is in synergy with manufacturing for the primary sector so that Greek children stay here to produce wealth and have a modern competitive economy with strong exports. This is the difference between the strategic plan and what is happening today, which leads nowhere but to a huge burden on the natural environment that in a few years will make the Greek a stranger in their homeland. We see this phenomenon of the grafting of the Greek economy that is being delivered. We will not allow it to fall into the hands of a few powerful foreigners because we are the movement of Andreas Papandreou, the patriotic movement that wants another Greek economy, an economy that strengthens the middle class and Greek children in the long term.

Friends, we have a duty to support our infrastructure, including our ports, airports, and road network. We also need a special spatial framework for the creation of new plants. What is required is what I mentioned earlier: linking tourism with multiple forms of production in our country. There are many topics I could touch on, but I believe it is crucial to discuss digital convergence. Travellers can find various products in Greece, not just the ones available in previous years. Therefore, we must modernize our extroversion and commercialization methods, especially in the primary sector.

Friends, the cost of living includes the cost of housing. Ask yourself how many doctors and teachers find it difficult to go to the islands due to the high cost of rent, which is also present in urban centers. This is not only due to their short yearly salary, but also because it increases the cost of the real estate market. What do we propose? The state should be prepared to provide low-cost housing to all individuals appointed to serve the public sector in our islands. Additionally, we suggest the creation of a social pool of 150,000 homes in urban centers, which could be maintained at a low cost through the Recovery Fund, tax incentives, or reconstruction incentives. This would help address the issue of rising rents in major urban centers, which I am sure is also a problem here in Rhodes. There are children in Rhodes who struggle to study in Athens and Thessaloniki, and we aim to address this by allowing Greek children to choose their school based on their ambition, rather than their family's financial situation. For us, the public university is the greatest tool for social justice and upward mobility, and we will not allow financial barriers to hinder the dreams, hopes, and prospects of any Greek with a strong PASOK.

Friends of the Greek islands, we have a duty to do things that the new democracy did not do. We are committed, in particular, to implementing the special clause of insularity in every legislative regulation that directly or indirectly concerns the Greek islands. We aim to transform the current General Secretariat of the Aegean of the Ministry of Shipping and Island Policy into a modern, creative body for the exercise of executive planning in our islands. We also plan to establish an Executive Organization of Island Transport to organize planning, coordination, and monitoring of transport work. Finally, we aim to extend the measure of transport equivalence to vehicle fares, which will help to bring down the cost of transport.

Friends, I cannot not mention our national issues here from Rhodes and the Dodecanese. Turkey has held elections, there is a result, and there is a new government. So we are sending a clear message: we want good neighborly relations, we want de-escalation, but this requires respect for international law. Powerful interests cannot arm a country that is disrupting the wider region from the South Caucasus, the Middle East, and the Eastern Mediterranean. Because the Greek borders are not only Greek-Turkish, they are also Euro-Turkish, and they have a debt. The Europeans should do what has been voted on my initiative in the European Parliament, an arms embargo on Turkey, as long as the Erdogan government does not respect international law and undermines it. This affects the stability of the wider region and not just arming Greece. We supported the agreements with France. We supported the F-16 agreement, but there is a limit to all of this: the country's fiscal stability, the country's ability to support the welfare state, the middle class, and the vulnerable as a priority. We cannot enter into an arms rally, and when those who buy arms, in particular, are arming us and Turkey, that is why I consider it a priority not only to have an arms embargo but also for Greece to play a leading role in Europe's unified foreign policy and in the creation of the Euroarmy, as Frontex is today. We must set ourselves the goal in the next 10 years of having a Euroarmy that will guard our borders with Turkey and Cyprus and all the borders from Finland to the Republic of Cyprus.

Friends, I have heard about SYRIZA. They claim that in the past, the sea had no borders, but today they have discovered that the Aegean has boundaries. They have even tried to abuse the name of our founder. I want to make it clear from Rhodes that Andreas Papandreou and the Aegean's boundaries or the idea that the sea has no borders do not go together. This patriotic movement has always found a way to resolve issues for the benefit of our homeland, without resorting to vices that the West wants to hear at the expense of our country. What I want to say is very simple: we put Cyprus in the European Union. We played a leading role in the island's existence, and we must respond to Turkish provocation. There is no European perspective for Turkey, but there can be a trade relationship between Europe and Turkey. A Euro-Turkish agreement defending our sovereign rights can be built on the basis of this trade agreement, upgrading the Customs Union of 95. When Turkey does not respect human rights at home or international law against Cyprus, Greece, and other countries, there should be automated economic sanctions that are part of a new customs upgrade agreement. For us, this is a modern Helsinki that guards Greece-Turkey relations with respect for international law. This is what I am ready to serve, not theories that directly undermine our sovereign rights.

Friends and comrades, PASOK is here, united and strong. But PASOK is here every day, standing by each and every individual, by every citizen in need. Because we will return to being a party, a movement, and we will be close to society. We will become one with the Greek people again, and this will be the rebirth of the democratic party in this new proud era. Our concern is the many opportunities for every Greek, especially for the new generation. SYRIZA is making promises that cannot be kept, while New Democracy is trying to hide what is coming and is a product of Mr. Mitsotakis' political choices. Where are the economists who, for 10 years, have been going on TV channels and lecturing us that they have burdened the Greek people with 50 billion in new debt in 4 years? They should go on TV and tell the people that in 4 years, we have accumulated 50 billion in new debt, which means we have the largest trade deficit since 2010. This means that today, the Greek people are paying a heavy cost in matters concerning the welfare state. It also means that we are moving away from the European social model in favor of the few and powerful.

So, what they do not say, we will say in the next three weeks, however much we miss them. Because the more they hit us, the stronger we become. And this is my message here from Rhodes and the Dodecanese: the more they hit PASOK, the stronger we become. PASOK will fight with the word of progress, of realism, of responsibility for the benefit of the citizen, for the benefit of the weakest Greek family. Friends, we respect the efforts and sacrifices of the Greek people. That is why I say that our priority is not to deflate the Greek economy. Our priority is to solve the demographic problem; our priority is a resilient and competitive productive base, without setbacks, without new disappointments. But what are the new disappointments? It is to say a lot and do nothing. It's rabble-rousing to get votes, and then the young people turn their backs on you.

I am very happy because, after many years, PASOK has almost doubled its share among the younger generations. I am proud because this party, this movement, was created by the new generation of the time in 1974, and I aspire to have it reborn by the new generation of the time, your children and your grandchildren. PASOK knows well that victories are not given away by powerful interests. PASOK knows well that victories are won through a daily battle, village by village, town by town, every workplace. I ask you, in the next three weeks, to take the struggle of the democratic party in your hands so that on June 25th, PASOK will take another step to become a leading actor, the genuine opponent of the New Democracy. That is why the green flag of PASOK was proudly raised, and on June 25th, I pledge that we will make the democratic party strong again to have a new page of social justice and national dignity for all Greeks. We are sending a message of victory, hope, and perspective from Rhodes and the Dodecanese, from all corners of the country. Fight and be sure that in this new proud era, we will never again disappoint any Greek woman or any Greek, and we will fight for social justice and a strong future. Be well. Good strength. I ask you to take the effort into your own hands. All together, we will overturn the current correlations, the toxic correlations of discord, because our priority is to unite the people against the division that Mr. Tsipras and Mr. Mitsotakis have offered them. Good strength and good luck in your struggle. Thank you very much from the bottom of my heart.