Thank you, thank you, thank you. The last time I was in West Athens, I asked you to commit to a major breakthrough: to "paint" West Athens blue, and we did it. I thank you from the bottom of my heart for that. But we did not only paint West Athens blue, we painted the whole of Greece blue. You made this slogan a reality.I wanted, friends, in our first official election speech after the dissolution of the Parliament - the decree was signed a few hours ago - to be here in Peristeri and say a big thank you from the bottom of my heart for the struggle we fought together, for the great victory we achieved in the elections of May 21.Especially here in West Athens, I see many old friends among us and I remember them. A special thank you to all those who have followed my personal political path since 2003, 20 years ago. We have gone through good times and bad times together, but we are happy today to celebrate another great victory in the great history of our party, the New Democracy.

Indeed, friends, many people may have been surprised by this election result and I want to remind you that for the first time in the post-election period, a party is increasing its share and the absolute number of votes, after four years in government. And for the first time since 1974, the first party has more than double the number of votes of the second party.Where have all those people gone who predicted that the election would be a derby? I wonder. I wonder where they hid. But, my friends, I was confident about the election result and I was confident about the performance of New Democracy in this election, for the simple reason that, going around Greece and all of Athens - and especially all of western Athens - I saw something that others may not have been able to see: that Greek society is changing, that Greek society is progressing and that Greek society today has a demand for a substantial programmatic discourse.

Indeed, the citizens have rewarded us. They have rewarded the effort of these four years. They have rewarded our crisis management, they have rewarded the fact that we have put the economy back on a growth track, that we have kept our commitments, that we have guarded our borders, that we have strengthened our armed forces. But there was something else that I think is very important: the citizens turned their backs on toxicity, on hatred, on empathy, on division. Division was defeated and unity won. Toxicity has been defeated and decency has won. Populism has been defeated and a coherent, well-founded and costed political discourse has won, which only we, as New Democracy, have managed to express in these elections.

I must tell you that this great, broad dynamic of the victory of the New Democracy was created by many points of reference. We managed to make openings in geographical areas and in social groups where some people thought we could not do well. What do all those who predicted that New Democracy would be behind in youth have to say? We were first in our youth as well; we were first in the 17 to 30 age group, for the simple reason that we finally talked about your real problems, about the education you want, about the jobs we want to create. We don't see youth as just fuel for the populism and anger that some people want to ignite.

As it was the same here in western Athens in the more "popular" districts -within quotation marks, keep the quotation marks, they have value-. We bent over the problems of our weakest fellow citizens and proved that only New Democracy, after all, is the great popular progressive party of this country; we kept society and the weakest upright during the pandemic. We supported households during the energy crisis. And we were, after all, the ones who launched the most progressive social policy, which is none other than the creation of many good jobs. And West Athens rewarded us.

For those of you who don't know - I wonder, I don't even know if that was the "bet" - 12 points ahead of West Athens. If you wanted to place a bet, it wouldn't give you odds on that. And yet, it was done. And some people to this day still don't understand why they lost and what happened on the night of May 21; indeed, I'm not surprised, because they never understood how society itself had changed and progressed during those four years.

But we, friends, we know very well that the result, this important result, this great victory today means nothing. It means nothing - hold on to what I am telling you. The ballot box on June 25 will be empty again. There is no first and second round here. This is not a municipal election. Our percentage does not count on the June 25 ballot. Everything starts all over again.I want to ask you together - and our MPs and our candidate MPs, now free from the stress of the cross - to fight the battle together for our party alone. So that we can once again be the big winners, at the ballot box on 25 June.

And this victory will be the victory that will put a definitive end to a cycle of uncertainty opened by the opposition's choice to plague us with the system of proportional representation. Today, the country would already have a strong and stable government if it were not for the simple proportional representation system. Therefore, there is only one way to deactivate this "landmine" once and for all: that is to give New Democracy an even higher percentage in the elections of 25 June. Be careful. The mathematics of elections change from ballot box to ballot box. We should all consider that possibly on June 25 the bar of self-reliance will be raised. The more parties that enter the House, the more difficult self-reliance becomes. And what the country does not need today is an unstable government with a marginal majority. What the country needs is a stable government with a strong majority to make the big changes, the big reforms happen.

Every now and then these last few days I go and I'm told, "Prime Minister." I say, "Look, I'm not the Prime Minister." If you want me to be Prime Minister again, you all need to come and vote, not go to the beach or think that this election battle is over.So that is the issue and the real demand of the next election: a stable government with a comfortable majority against those who today are only interested in who will lead the opposition.

So I say to them: ladies and gentlemen, wake up, on 25 June we are voting for government, not for opposition. What happens in opposition is up to you. The citizens care about how the country is governed and how the next day we will have a stable government that can provide Greek citizens with security and prospects. And the only thing they care about, the only thing that PASOK and SYRIZA are united on, is their desire to have a weak government in the end.And what are some people telling us? "We don't care if we have 149 MPs, we don't care. We want to be in opposition all the time." So I say to them: look, I don't know of any other election where there is actually a candidate for Prime Minister and a party that claims the responsibility of governing.

So we, friends, will start today to resume this very good fight, to continue the fight of the ballot box on 21 May. I will go around the whole of Greece again, as I have already done many times, and I will do it once more to convey two things: firstly, the message of the need for a stable government with a four-year horizon. I think this has been explained in simple terms to all and sundry. Everybody understands that in this difficult international geopolitical environment - you see, the elections in Turkey have been completed, Turkey now has a government and a president - we do not yet have an elected government. But we will have one on 26 June. So, one issue: the need for political stability.

A second issue - even more important, and this ultimately concerns all of you much more - is which is the party that will be able to implement these great changes that we have committed to.I hope and I hope that in this election period our opponents will also understand that politics is not made with slogans, with slogans, with toxicity, with insults, with tweets.Come, we tell them, let's debate our political programme. Come on, let's compare, after all, who can keep the country on a dynamic growth trajectory; who can achieve investment grade. The investment grade, I will not tire of saying this for those who are not experts in public finance, is for all and sundry. The moment we get it we will all have lower borrowing rates and that is important for households, for businesses and ultimately for our own state.

So, we know and we can bring in investment and we can bring in many new jobs, especially here in West Athens. We, I will not tire of saying it, will bring the average wage to 1,500 euros and the minimum wage to 950 euros. We know and we can do it; we are the ones who will continue to support society, but not by overtaxing everyone, especially the middle class, but from the surplus of growth. We are not the ones who are going to cripple the self-employed again by returning to the Katrougalos law. You know what you are paying in employer contributions with New Democracy in government, and you know that the next four years will be a four-year period in which taxes will be reduced even further. Yes, and the business tax, in the four-year horizon, will also be a thing of the past, we will also be done with this meme tax.

So, the continuation of the growth path is through a stable and strong New Democracy. And we are not only saying this, all the foreign houses are also saying it. You can see the satisfaction from the election result, but when the economy is doing well, and the citizens are doing well, too. Because as unemployment goes down, friends, the power of the worker to negotiate a better wage is strengthened. That's why wages are going up.Inflation is still a problem, we recognize that, we've helped, but you can see that it's already starting to come down. But in a year's time, when we don't have an acute inflation problem, wages will be higher and taxes will be lower. That's ultimately how everyone's disposable income is supported, with permanent increases, not temporary bonuses. Bonuses are useful. And I am proud that our party is the one that has finally kept Greek society on its feet in a difficult time.

But our permanent policy is one of growth and support for disposable incomes. And it is a policy, of course, which encourages public and private investment, which supports municipalities and local government. Only here, in Peristeri, projects are being carried out which amount to 100 million euros, with financial resources from the Recovery Fund, from the state budget, from European funds, to improve the quality of life for all.

And of course, keep what I will keep talking about until the elections: my commitment to make our second four-year term a four-year term of regeneration of the National Health System. Here in particular I want to give you a concrete example of how we can intervene and address the problems that you tell us you are so concerned about. Sometime in January, we were faced with the difficult situation after Covid. We had a lot of backlogs, a lot of delays in the operating theatres and we were again faced with a problem of rants both in Attikon and in Evangelism and in a number of hospitals.We made a number of interventions and we have greatly reduced the extent of the problem. We have also worked with the private sector, not in the sense of privatisation - as some people say - but by buying services from the private sector so that the citizen, without having to put euros out of his pocket, can get a bed in a hospital, whether it is public or private.The problem of beds is being addressed. I also have a plan here, of course, for a hospital, the old Infirmary of St. Barbara. This will become a model centre providing primary, secondary and post-hospital care. And it will very much relieve the pressure that Attikon is under, especially in its on-call hours; strengthening health centres, strengthening the doctor's staff, strengthening preventive examinations, so important for women and for men. You women know how important a footprint the breast cancer screenings we have done have had. There are many other preventive screenings coming up. We need to take care of our health. Before we get sick. And we now have the ability to be able to do that.So expect the second four years to be the four years of the great renaissance of the National Health System, with very significant interventions. Let's stop the delays in surgeries. Nothing annoys me more, my friends, than when I hear a fellow citizen say to me, "I have an operation scheduled in three, four, five, six months for an emergency." This has to stop and it will stop. We will find a way to deal with it. We're going to recruit, we're going to change the processes in our hospitals. This will stop.

But, of course, we will not stop there. We will continue the great reforms we have made in our education. The University of West Attica is now finding its feet, as we had planned. And we want at this moment to strengthen not only our universities but also our public IEKs, which provide very important specializations to children who will not want to go to university; first and foremost, we want to strengthen our schools. Interactive whiteboards: 36,000 new interactive whiteboards in all schools, by next year they will be in place, with resources from the Recovery Fund. Kindergarten through four years. And of course, something to which I attach great importance, support for the working family and especially the working mother.

We don't talk enough about the biggest long-term problem of Greek society. It's not a problem, it's a bomb. And I'm talking about under-generation. Underfertility is not only dealt with, as we have done, by giving 2,000 euros at the birth of each child. Yes, we did that too, remember; it is tackled first and foremost by how we support families, working mothers, with more nurseries, with full-day kindergartens, with programmes such as the Neighbourhood Nannies. We want more children in Greece, we need them, and we know what we have to do to support families, especially working women, who - let us not kid ourselves - ultimately bear the brunt of the burden.

And of course, don't forget, friends - I was saying this before the last elections, and I repeat it now - the very important dimension that all foreign policy issues have in the next four years.Our world, our neighbourhood will not become easier. There will be problems. I had the opportunity today to publicly express my congratulations to President Erdoğan on his re-election. I will have the opportunity to talk to him by phone in the coming hours. And to convey to him what I say on every occasion, that Greece will always extend a hand of friendship to Turkey, and it is not us who seek tension. But we know very well what the limits are that no one can cross. Disputes are resolved with international law as a guide. And the country's effort to have a strong Armed Forces will continue, exactly as we have planned. The same applies, of course, to the guarding of our borders. The fence on the Evros will be completed and the Coast Guard will continue to guard our maritime borders.

All this, my friends, constitutes the "canvas" of the election campaign, as it will be shaped between now and 25 June. And I will repeat what I said at the beginning: there is one thing we cannot tolerate and that is complacency. I know that there will be many people today who may be thinking 'what the hell, the election is over, I don't need to go and vote, I don't need to go to the island or go to the village where I may or may not vote and vote in Athens'. Say a big "no" to them, we have to finish the job we started, by June 25 we have to have an even higher percentage than what we got on May 21. And we can, we can achieve it. Greece has turned blue and will remain blue. And a small corner of Greece that stayed pink, we know why it stayed pink, we have no illusions. And we will make it blue and the whole of Greece will really be blue in the next elections.

We approach this election campaign with the enthusiasm of a winner but - I want to emphasise - also with the modesty and responsibility of a party that recognises the weight of responsibility that the Greek people place on our shoulders. And it is a heavy responsibility. I am the first to feel it, which is why I will not tolerate any arrogance. We want enthusiasm, we want loud voices, we want the flags high, but we do not want arrogance, we do not want contempt for our opponents. We are here to unite our country and to always appeal to our fellow citizens who did not vote for us, telling them to join us. And let everyone know that the next day, as I did in 2019, I must - if you trust me - be and will be the Prime Minister of all Greeks. This is what the office and responsibility of Prime Minister of the country demands. So let us go together to fight this fight. I would like to say a big thank you to our party organisations for their excellent support of the electoral process. To our volunteers, to our ONNEDites, to all the organisational staff.Again, the ballot boxes, all the ballot boxes, will have New Democracy election representatives in the next elections. I pass by everywhere, I see polling booths, the only polling booths that are open today are the New Democracy booths. The others have already shut down and I doubt if they will reopen until the elections.So let's do this beautiful struggle together. Let's increase our percentages in Western Athens even more. We can and we will. Steadily, boldly, forward for a self-reliant Greece.Be well. Thank you very much. Good race and good strength. Be well.
 