In health you know very well here in Komotini, especially in Komotini, because of the situation in the hospital. Health. It is for the Greeks the third largest expenditure in the European Union. We are surpassed only by the Lithuanians and the Bulgarians. Why? Because quite simply. The great child of George Gennimata and Paraskevas Avgerinos is the National Health System. Some have left it to its mercy. And if there hadn't been a pandemic, I'd say they didn't know. But after the pandemic. The problem is tragically, it showed the lack of primary care. So we are committed to the regeneration of the NHS. We did it ourselves, we have a duty to regenerate it, First. Strong pay incentives for our health workers when thousands of health doctors are going abroad and their salaries are below the European average. Second. Permanent staff. Permanent staff to staff all hospitals and even incentives for specific specialties whose shortage leads to transfers of hundreds of surgeries across Greece. A new national health system means respect for the worker. That is why I pledge today that, just as we tabled an amendment a few months ago, which the new democracy did not vote for, to include health workers in the heavy and unhealthy category, we will also table an amendment as the next government to stop the mockery of our health workers and finally include them in the heavy and unhealthy category. And this is a clear commitment here in Komotini as well. Friends and friends. Strong primary care means going home. It means that the retired elderly person can have services, as in other European countries. You will tell me. But is there any money for all these things you are talking about? If there was no Recovery Fund, I would have to come up with a fiscal plan. But when the Portuguese, the Italians are using 8 to 10% of the Recovery Fund for their own public health systems, because in Greece we give 4, 2 of which actually go to services, the other 2% for the energy upgrade of buildings, which is essentially for the green transition, so Mitsotakis 2 %.