What should we do; not to make the same mistake that we made with the energy and I want to be precise. Some people from Syriza and New Democracy cannot say. What should we do? The war in Ukraine happened. There was Putin's illegal and brutal invasion and that brought the energy crisis. That is not so and do you know why it is not so? Why this war? It has an influence in other countries in Europe and in Portugal. But why did the Portuguese get exemptions that Greece did not get? It is because they are energy blocked because of the Pyrenees. But we are also energy-locked because of the Balkans. What is it that made them better managed? It is because about 60 per cent of electricity generation in Portugal is renewable energy. We. What have 2 successive governments of 2 prime ministers absolutely responsible for the current situation done. Instead of going from the fuel, the national fuel, but energy-consuming for the environment and environmentally appropriate, lignite, to renewable energy sources. And to make minimal use of natural gas as a transitional fuel. We committed to one of the highest rates of electricity generation in a country that had no such commitments. Our generation from natural gas, which is not our own but an imported fuel. So we are saying that we have to limit this relationship that creates servitude, that creates weakness that makes us vulnerable to international turbulence. So that is why we are talking about renewables, but be careful. You cannot do all this without a strategic planning. Which is again about the country's production. Again, the production of the country and its manufacturing, so priorities have to be set. The priority is Thrace. Thrace cannot be dependent on pipelines, which tomorrow and the day after tomorrow in an international upheaval could create huge geopolitical issues in the country. That is why we must prioritise the interconnection of Thrace with a strong network to be at the forefront of the green transition. And of course for natural resources concerning irrigation projects, construction of irrigation projects in Rhodope and Xanthi with support for livestock farming and creation of the pilot livestock park which is among our priorities.