Friends. In closing, I want to tell you that our party. As you know, building on a relationship of trust with citizens on major national issues. These are issues that do not concern a generation. But they concern many generations. And no mistakes, no populisms, no toxicities are allowed. We have not gambled either in our relations with Turkey or in our relations with the Balkan countries. We have tried, with respect for international law, to find scope for dialogue when there was a credible interlocutor. This party was the architect of Helsinki, of the policy that said that there was a European perspective for Turkey, but at the same time it included Cyprus in the European Union. It was the policy for there to be good neighbourly conditions. It is not us who undermined this policy. Because we are the ones who stopped this policy. It was Mr Karamanlis. Whoever chose to hobnob with Mr Erdogan and not a policy that creates the basis for a discussion of a dialogue of de-escalation and decision-making with an eye to the future. So I would like to say here from Thrace that we hope that in the upcoming Turkish elections logic, consensus and moderation will prevail. Because we want the country, the Turkish country, Turkey, to be a stable country, a country without turbulence, with respect for human rights and within Turkey. And anyone who disagrees with the central administration to be afraid to want to leave the country, to close down newspapers. We want a stable neighbouring country, but this requires respect for human rights and international law. So here in Thrace I believe that the European Union has only one choice. The day after the Turkish elections. To talk about a new Euro-Turkish relationship? One that is based on the upgrading of the customs union, but at the same time there will be the whip of sanctions so that there is respect for both the neighbouring countries and the Turkish people themselves, because we cannot tolerate an accession country and their people living without respect for human rights.  