Here in the neighborhoods of West Athens, we have taken a step forward with the significant strengthening of the KKE in terms of votes and percentages, and the regaining of third place. Now we move forward with an even stronger KKE, the only genuine, popular, and militant opposition. More people can now choose the KKE's ballot paper because they understand what the KKE has been saying from the very beginning: that New Democracy, Syriza, and PASOK have a common anti-people's program and agree on the basic, key, strategic issues. They cannot hide this, no matter how much they argue during the election campaign about whether or not their programs are costed.

Of course, when workers hear about fiscal stability, bank stability, and the creation of an "attractive investment environment," they understand that their needs have already been priced out of the programs because only the profits of the few conglomerates are considered. This is why they have been taxing the people heavily while cutting taxes for big businesses and maintaining legal tax breaks for capital. Now, of course, they are arguing about who should or should not pay taxes.

They aren't fooling anyone! The only true relief for the people are the proposals of the KKE to abolish VAT on consumer goods, energy taxes, and ENFIA while simultaneously increasing taxation on business groups. For this, the KKE needs to be even stronger.

Friends, friends
As every year in the celebration of World Environment Day, the parties in the system are competing with each other to see which one can most effectively promote the EU's "green transition". We hear and read, announcement after announcement, about how important the environment and its management is.If one were to take these analyses at face value, one would come to the conclusion that Greece is the greenest country in the world!It would be easy to believe that, while almost everything can go wrong, in the field of the environment, the EU, the bourgeois state and the parties that have governed over the past years have done real miracles. You would think that Greece is a country with a natural environment that is protected, with inhabitants who enjoy the beauty of Greek nature.

But reality contradicts these claims, and does so solemnly. There is no need for a long, lengthy analysis. A glance around is enough to convince anyone. Tritsis Park could be a real green lung, an oasis of freshness for hundreds of thousands of residents and workers in the center of Athens. But in reality, it remains without infrastructure, while large parts of it are being targeted by construction and other monopoly groups. The open spaces in the Attica region, in general, the most overloaded residential area of the country, from Strefis Hill to Areos Field, from the center of Athens, which is being 'redeveloped' as a playground for high luxury tourism, to the areas that we are told are being "upgraded by the metro" and yet, especially in these areas, the big groups attack like crows and further degrade, privatize, and change uses. Perhaps the greatest proof in the Attica region of the timeless hypocrisy of all urban powers when it comes to the environment is the example of Elliniko. At the same time that everyone is ostensibly crying about the so-called "climate crisis" and the burden on the lives of city dwellers, a literally huge opportunity to change the microclimate of Athens, to reduce the temperature during peak hours in Attica, to vastly improve the lives of the city's residents is being sacrificed on the altar of the huge profitability of very expensive Real Estate. Its concreting is being promoted, the construction of a huge new settlement of luxury housing, thousands of square meters of cement. The mountains of Attica, instead of being organized areas of rest and recreation for the working people, are withering away.

An even more characteristic example is the onslaught of so-called "green energy" in all the mountains of our country, from Alexandroupolis to Crete, from Epirus to southern Laconia. Hundreds and thousands of huge wind turbines are springing up like mushrooms on the mountaintops, destroying forests and mountain ecosystems with the thousands of cubic meters of concrete needed, the thousands of kilometers of mountain roads that have to be opened, and the thousands of kilometers of new electric cables running through forests and settlements, literally destroying the environment. Now, the next target after the mountains, after the rocky islets, after the areas of immense cultural interest, the next target is the sea itself.

Respecting and protecting forests is another example. How environmentally friendly can a policy be that condemns hundreds of thousands of hectares of forest to charring year after year, and then promotes energy and tourism investments? There is no end to their hypocrisy in protecting the environment.

Supporters of the escalation of the NATO-Russia war in Ukraine, with its tragic consequences for human lives and the long-term destruction of the natural environment, are playing the role of sensitive environmentalists. The polluting American LNG, with its large negative environmental footprint, both during extraction, transport, and regasification, was dubbed "green" overnight!

Nuclear power plants are hazardous due to their waste. The mining, separation, and polluting treatment of rare earths are also considered green. The hypocrisy of limiting carbon dioxide and greenhouse gases is evident when considering the double standards. If the European Union and urban governments truly aimed to limit emissions, they would not exclude large hydroelectric projects from renewable energy projects, as they produce cheap renewable energy. They would not prioritize natural gas as a strategic fuel, which produces carbon dioxide and has a negative impact on the environment when leaked. At the very least, they would limit energy waste from ultra-luxury hotels.

Unfortunately, capitalism is not "green"; it is pitch black. It cannot reduce its negative impact on the environment. The reality is that capitalism perceives the environment solely as a field of profitability by its very nature. It uses the environment as raw material, as economic soil. That is why it can only destroy it. Industrial accidents, pollution, the relaxation of conditions for mining and tourist activities, and the concreting of every coastline to ensure profitability are proof of this.

The treasure of the environment is abundant. The ruling parties and those seeking the votes of working people have no interest in our natural environment. These examples prove that the environment and its protection are being exploited as a propaganda scheme to hide a different objective: ensuring the profitability of big capital. The so-called green transition policy attempts to solve the problem of over-accumulation of capital, which has been the major problem that capitalism and its government managers cannot successfully address in the last 20 years. This problem leads to capitalist crises, antagonisms, and wars. Capitalism deals with this problem by destroying a significant part of capital to keep the machine of capitalist profitability running. The environment is the perfect method to promote the "creative destruction" of capital to deal with the problem of over-accumulation. They exploit the destruction of the environment that they themselves bring about and the real need for an upgraded natural environment. Their aim is to carry out a massive destruction of invested capital, first in energy, transport, means of production, and lastly in people's housing, to find an outlet for profitable investments for the over-accumulated capital of the monopoly groups.

This is the essence of the green transition policy. If we close down the lignite plants, get rid of cars that use petrol, replace all houses with new, energy-efficient houses, and impose regulations on all industrial plants to protect the environment, they believe this will create gold fields for profitable capital investment. Certainly, it will create opportunities for new power companies to invest, new companies producing electric cars to invest, and companies that renovate homes to invest. The list is long. Listening to this analysis, one might reasonably wonder: Why should we care? What do ordinary working people, the working grassroots, mind if such investment opportunities are created?

Some even claim that monopoly groups and big capital may win, but the environment will be protected! Friends, comrades, and colleagues, capitalist profits do not fall from the sky. What this first thought disguises is that in addition to the big winners of the green transition, there are also big losers! And the losers of the green transition are all of us - the working people, the millions of grassroots people, for whom the green transition leads to a new attack on their rights.

First of all, the workers themselves are the losers in the green groups: working flexible hours, "black" labor relations, and reduced real wages!

Let's consider electricity. The skyrocketing cost of electricity in recent years and the fact that almost half of the workers in our country are in a state of energy poverty are ultimately due to the policy of "green transition." The replacement of cheap lignite energy with expensive energy from wind turbines, the choice of imported LNG as a strategic fuel for power generation, and the huge profits of the electricity groups correspond to the very expensive tariffs of the energy groups, the huge profits of the wind turbine companies, and the profits of the shipowners who transport LNG. Let us consider modern electric cars. The replacement of old petrol cars with electric cars means that the vast majority of workers will no longer have their own means of transport with similar capabilities. Electric cars are expensive, break down quickly, and have limited range. In other words, they lead to the restriction of the mobility of a large proportion of workers. Let us consider the energy upgrade of buildings, which appears as a medicine but translates into tens of thousands of euros that the working people's family must pay and which is now compulsory in order to proceed with the notarial deeds.

And we are not exaggerating. Even central figures of "environmental organizations" accept that a totally green agriculture with zero emissions would lead to a multiplication of hunger, since more than 50% of the world's people rely on nitrogenous fertilizers for their food. The green transition, therefore, comes at a huge cost to the working classes. The notorious invocation of the so-called 'climate crisis' is being used as a scare tactic. It is used as the propaganda tool with which to explain to the working people's strata that it is necessary to starve, it is necessary not to be able to keep warm, it is necessary not to be able to move, otherwise the planet is in danger of a huge climate catastrophe.

Climate change phenomena, on which scientists have yet to agree and there is debate, are being used as a political tool to convince workers to dig deep into their pockets. They are being asked to pay for green energy, limit their commuting, accept new costs for energy upgrading of buildings, and limit heating in winter and air conditioning in summer. All of this is so that the huge profits of the monopoly groups investing in green energy, modern buildings, and electric cars can accrue. This is the real nature of the EU and urban governments' policy of green transition. The new sacrifices of the workers, energy poverty, destruction of the mountains to advance green upcoming investments, and restriction of mobility for the broad working people are just the other side of the huge profits of the energy conglomerates and modern electric cars.

Even more provocative and misleading is the attempt to reduce and limit the huge issue of protecting public health and the environment to the issue of CO2 emissions and the controversial theory of the "climate crisis."

However, addressing the major problems of civil protection, earthquake protection, fire protection, and flood protection is of much more immediate and urgent importance for the protection of the life and health of the population.

And yet, despite repeated tragedies in Mati and Mandra, Evia, Mytilene, and Dadia in Thrace, and the closure of Attiki Odos after a simple snowfall, the necessary steps to ensure infrastructure have not been taken. Only a few steps have been taken, such as "green" investments in North Evia.

To the question of what would happen in the event of another major fire or earthquake, unfortunately we all know the answer. We won't bore you with lists of figures, but it's important to note that both the fire brigade and forestry service are underfunded and understaffed, with only 30% of the necessary permanent staff and ground resources that fall short of what is needed.

We must also stress that the health of the inhabitants is much more directly and indirectly threatened by poverty, unemployment, job insecurity, and exhausting working hours. This parameter cannot magically disappear when we consider the policy of delegitimization and ensuring the profitability conditions of "green" investments, with workers as the constant victims.

In fact, under capitalism, the natural environment is treated as a dumping ground for pollutants and waste, a source of raw materials, and any protection of it is seen as a commodity for "green" groups and luxury tourism destinations.

Similarly, capitalist ownership of land and competition between groups for land use make it impractical to have integrated civil protection planning that starts with forecasting and integrated land management and extends to necessary infrastructure projects, as well as the organization and coordination of competent services. The same culprit, big business and its profit, is behind blocked streams, unregulated city plan expansion, inappropriate housing, the presence of industrial plants in residential areas, and forestry policy.

Let's consider how different the situation would be if the workers and the people were in control of power and the economy. Let us imagine how much better we could live if decisions about what to produce, how much to produce, where to produce, and how to produce were not based on capitalist profit, but rather on the needs of the ruling class, on the commitments of the EU and NATO. This radically different situation has a name: social ownership of the concentrated means of production, with scientific central planning and workers' control. It is the radically different workers' and people's state, the new society of socialism, which can ensure the welfare of the people. Only workers' power, free from capitalist ownership of the means of production and the profit motive, can scientifically plan and develop production based on the total needs of society. It is the active, daily role of the workers in making, implementing, and controlling decisions.

In the energy sector, only socialist energy planning can utilize all of the country's energy resources to eliminate energy poverty and unemployment, reduce dependence on imports, and protect the safety of workers and the health of residents while ensuring minimal interference with the environment. Only scientific research under socialism can be used without hindrance to anticipate and meet the future needs of the people in a timely manner, rather than being limited to the search for optimal solutions for the profitability of capitalism. Above all, it will ensure that land and its use, fuel, electricity, water, health, and labor power are no longer commodities. Worker power and social ownership of land can transform the natural environment from a source of exploitation and speculation to an integral element of development based on social well-being. Through the abolition of capitalist ownership and profit, through the uprooting of competitions for land use, integrated planning of political protection, and zoning of activities aimed at the well-being of the people, can be achieved. Scientific central planning of production, aimed at satisfying the needs of society and minimizing the negative impact on the environment of all productive and social activities, is also an important element in the KKE's proposal.

Friends, Today, in the face of the upcoming election battle, the issue of the environment must and can be an important voting criterion. The KKE calls on all workers to "black out" all the parties of the notorious green transition, EU policies, and all those who ask them to sacrifice their lives to ensure the profitability of big capital. We call on the workers to reflect on their experience and draw conclusions. ND-PASOK-SYRIZA are the standard-bearers of this 'green attack' on the income and needs of the people. No party that promotes the plans for the "green transition", the European Union, and NATO, no party that submits to the goals of the ruling class, can create a better future for the people.

Hope lies in our own strength, in the organisation of our own struggle. And the dynamics of this popular force, when it decides to take its fate into its own hands, is very strong. We, the forces of the KKE, are at the forefront of the struggle against the new Greek-American Agreement, in order to immediately disengage the country from participation in the dangerous war plans of NATO and to close the bases of death. Life has proven to us that hope lies in the path of subversion. The forces of the KKE are constantly involved in struggles in all regions of the country.

Tackling the commercialization of water, working to reduce industrial pollution, protecting forest wealth, improving civil protection infrastructure, and preventing large-scale industrial accidents. We are fighting for real wage increases and the abolition of indirect taxes on fuel and consumer goods.

We invite you to join us in the battle. Take your place alongside us and help make the KKE even stronger in the upcoming June 25th elections. We need 100% militant people's opposition to the government of New Democracy and the phony opposition who ask us for new sacrifices so that the green predators can get rich. A stronger KKE will help us organize our counter-attack and pave the way for subversion.