The first thing I would do is to bring back the 700,000 Greeks who left and left Greek children behind. That solves your demographic problem. Because the Prime Minister's excuse that we need labor for our fields or for our jobs means we are going back to the Roman period, where we need slaves, not workers. It is the most racist statement I have ever heard from the lips of a politician, and Androulakis and Tsipras both say this to justify the inadequate guarding of our borders. To say that we need labor in one of the most hard-working and industrious peoples, the Greek people, they say that you are lazy and I will need to bring in Pakistanis and Afghans to work for 20, 25 euros a day or 15. If the Prime Minister and Mr. Androulakis and Mr. Tsipras want to give Greeks 15 and 20 euros a day's wages to work in the strawberries or in the fields, or bankers to send their children, not the children of the Greeks. It is unthinkable what is being said from the mouths of Greek politicians. The excuse we need workers. We offered them something concrete. So if they give 25 euros a day, I say to some children, Greece can subsidize work, give them another 50 euros, give them 75 or 80 euros a day so that Greeks can work in the fields if they want to work. That's just telling the Greek that you are lazy. Not to subsidize unemployment. To give benefits to cronies, to post-employees and drive the Greek's child to work in the field for 25 euros. For the child of Mr. Mitsotakis, and their party children are appointed. There are 400 temporary workers in the Ministry of Immigration alone. No 400 million costs the Ministry of Immigration and has 2000 employees. Do the division. 400 million divided by 2,000 how much money does each one get or how much does each one of these party appointees in the Immigration Department cost? So here's why can we get money? Simply, some love Greeks less and some love Greeks more. We love them more and I will quote the great Kazantzakis who wrote the following: You are a leaf on the great tree of the race. This is Kazantzakis in asceticism. And because I love my breed, I love my friend, I tell them that at some point they have to understand that they are presidents, prime ministers in a country called Greece, a country inhabited by Greeks for thousands of years. Next to us is Dimini, so is Sesklo. 6000 B.C. people lived here, not to mention more. I won't tell you about Jolko. I say all this because at some point some people will realize that they can't play with the Greeks.