What I also have to point out is that there is a backlash from the entire opposition after the postponement. I would say that the debate was thrown away out of fear of the government, mainly to avoid making a mistake because the prime minister was actually the one responsible for the cancellation of the debate. The other parties, other than the KKE, could come up with a solution. I suggested to them to at least have a debate with the PM's chair empty. I don't know why the other parties were so reluctant to have the debate. I understand that our presence would perhaps be our ace in the hole because we have the proposal, the plan, and the presence. We could prove that the other parties can't cope with a real debate where all the political leaders take part equally. They have learned, and Tsipras not so much, but Androulakis and Mr. Prime Minister go to a friendly environment where the owners of the channels tell the journalists that they have to protect these gentlemen. Let me give an example. My good colleague, a colleague in my old profession, Mr. Schroiter, made a whole statement about Mr. Tsipras' verbal failure. I am really surprised that a journalist would refer to a verbal slip in relation to the Turkish minority that Mr. Tsipras mentioned. In my view, it is indeed a verbal failure, but Mr. Schlyter felt the need to tweet himself that this was a verbal failure. In a similar situation of mine, the behavior is not the same, and I deal with it all the time. I have nothing against the gentleman. I generally say this. He is very sympathetic to me, though his behavior is not sympathetic to me, but it doesn't matter. What matters is that the average citizen understands how differently journalists behave towards the Greek Solution. To give an example, when I enter a channel, I feel that I am entering a lion's den, ready to be devoured by us, the Greek Solution and me. We have learned the hard way. We are neither Mr. Tsipras, nor Mr. Androulakis, nor Mr. Mitsotakis. I have been used to four years of not being presented. I will give an example today so that you understand that we are in an election period, and the president of Hellenic Solution appeared only on one channel as President because on the other channel, which went to Mega, I was back in the lion's den. That is two appearances, and the election of 6-7 days is over. That means something. Unfortunately, here there is also the absence of the National Broadcasting Council. I have said it 1000 times, and I will say it once again, which is the long gun of the New Republic or the system. A pistol within quotation marks.