In relation to Pylos and the tragedy, who doesn't ache for the innocent souls lost? But what bothers me most is the attempt to cultivate a guilt syndrome among Greeks, that it is the Greeks who are to blame for what happened. It is like telling me that someone climbs into an apartment building to break into the fifth floor illegally and because he falls through the bathroom window and is injured, the manager and all the tenants of the building should be arrested. I think that's a bit extreme. My point of view is reasonable. No Greece is to blame for the trade in souls. No Greece is to blame for the loss of lives. No Greece is to blame for the attempt to cultivate a guilt syndrome by some centres, foreign and domestic, which are profiting from the trade in souls. We have suggested countless times to the Greek Prime Minister to close down the non-governmental organisations. But the Greek Prime Minister's desire is that the NGOs should remain. Since 2020 he tells us that he will control them, he has never checked their finances, he has never checked where they get the money from, he has never checked their cash inflows. On the contrary, I would say that it is even financing it with money from the Greek state budget. Many NGOs are paid. Will you tell me which others are paid? The friends of the Prime Minister who run the hot spots, the friends of the Prime Minister who run the feeding companies, the friends of the Prime Minister who are paid for these benefits. So I therefore believe that the Greek Prime Minister is lying once again. And now if you tell me that this statement by Mr Kretsos Skertsos is reasonable, whoever Skerchos and Nazi told us that Syriza is forgetting Moria. In other words, if I compare Moria with what is happening in Athens, people are really out of place, as they pass under the constitution and right towards Omonia, go to Patissia on Patission and realise that they are not in Greece but in another country. Because I pass by every day. If they want to change the ethnicity, it is a policy. I listen to it, I don't disagree with it, but I listen to it. It is an opinion. They don't like Greeks and they need to replace the population with others, whoever they are.