I would like to thank you for the welcome in today's rainy Veria. Your presence is touching and it is a great pleasure for me to be here in Veroia to share with you the message of the battle in view of the elections of 25 June. This is a battle that we will fight together, as we have fought all the battles we have fought so far, and a battle that we will fight with greater tenacity and determination. One week from today, on June 25, the Sunday after next, what will be decided at the ballot box is how and by whom the country will be governed for the next four years. This ballot is not a simple proportional representation ballot, but it is a ballot with the old familiar, traditional system that we have known all these years. The first one in will get 50 bonus seats, so it is crucial to see who it will be and how, with what programme, he will govern the country for the next four years. Unfortunately or fortunately, we know that in the enhanced proportional representation ballot, the dilemmas are inexorable. There is no such thing as a loose vote. Our political opponents clearly do not just want to win the election. They want to establish an uncontrolled and unregulated regime and they are avoiding the debate on programme positions like the devil avoids incense. With what programme, with what plan will they or we rule the country for the next four years? And I say either them or us, because there are two alternative plans of governance.

There are two alternative programs of governance and two parties in power because SYRIZA was and will remain a party in power. It will not become a party of protest, but it will not become a party that complements the governments of the right. We will fight together until the last second before the polls close to overturn the unfavorable correlation recorded on May 21. But we will, and this is my promise to you here, fight the battle together on the 25th and 26th and the next day. We will fight the battle together to defend our values and to defend Greek society. These are difficult days ahead. I want to speak in the language of truth. These are difficult days ahead. And the country needs a strong force, a strong SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance to stand by society, by people who have no voice, to demand the obvious, which is not so obvious against a vengeful right-wing.

So I was saying that they are avoiding the debate on the program. In fact, they even made sure to exploit a dramatic and tragic event - the shipwreck with over 600 dead. Over 600 people drowned, and the sea became a watery grave for them. They used the shipwreck to scuttle the debate of the political leaders. Because Mr. Mitsotakis has been scared as the devil of dialogue on programs from the very first moment. He promised a dialogue between the two of us, he ran away, and now he has used a dramatic event to permanently thwart political dialogue in front of the Greek citizen TV audience. But why is he so afraid of dialogue on programs?

I will say one phrase: the programme of New Democracy says things that are not going to be implemented and it hides things that are planned to be implemented. I want to talk to you a little bit about them. Mr. Mitsotakis submitted a medium-term programme, as all governments are obliged to do to the European Union and European institutions, two months ago. The medium-term is binding on governments, and I have full experience. In it, you detail what you are going to do and what fiscal space is left over to do things. Two months ago, they submitted a medium-term. Of all his programmatic announcements in this and the previous election, not a single one is included in the medium-term program he submitted to the European Commission. So he is lying when he promises 10,000 jobs in the public hospitals that he has deliberately allowed to collapse. He is lying because there is no provision for recruitment in the medium-term programme. The only provision is to replace all those who are leaving the public sector.

He is lying about increasing the average wage by 25% at the end of four years. Medium-term forecasts predict a real increase of only 1.4% at the end of four years, which means private sector wages will stagnate. This is what we expected, as Greece was the only country, according to OECD data, to experience a decrease in nominal average wage in the three years from 2019-2022, and in 2022, one of only three countries in the European Union to experience a decrease in real average wage.

What else does he say he won't do? He says he will increase spending to address the problems in public hospitals. He is lying. The medium-term program predicts that over the four-year period, the actual primary expenditure of the Greek State will be reduced by a cumulative 10%, which means that our hospitals will no longer even have money for consumables.

Our schools will not receive support.

The welfare state and social and civil protection will not receive support. Mr. Mitsotakis' true plan is to reduce public spending.

What is it that he says he will not do? He will not implement what he announced in terms of hiring and tax cuts. What are the things he is not saying but preparing to do? Mr. Pneimatikos, the New Democracy parliamentary candidate and authoritative professor, unwittingly revealed that the health plan of New Democracy and Mr. Mitsotakis is to privatize hospitals, close public institutions, reduce public spending, and even sort out patients. The medium-term plan confirms this. Mitsotakis warned us that we would shudder at his health plan, and now it is time to shudder. Patient triage means that someone with a low life expectancy will not receive treatment at a public hospital because they will be chosen to give treatment to someone with a longer life expectancy. Anyone without a life expectancy can go to a private hospital. This is the cynical neoliberal view of the welfare state and public health.

Against the hidden agenda of New Democracy, we have our own plan and programme. Our plan prioritizes human life and does not discriminate based on economic ability, race, religion, or color. Our main priority is a healthcare system that is open and accessible to all citizens, regardless of economic ability. We will strengthen public hospitals by recruiting doctors and nurses and utilizing resources from the Recovery Fund. The outgoing government only allocated 2% of the Recovery Fund resources for public health, while other European countries, mainly in the European South, provide more than 10%. We have a plan to support the NHS, its workers, and primary healthcare. When we were in government under tough fiscal pressure, we integrated two and a half million uninsured people into the National Health System. No citizen, insured or uninsured, is left out of the healthcare system.

We are now out of the memoranda. Supposedly - not supposedly - there is 50-60 billion in fiscal expansion, providing flexibility for the first time from the European Union to strengthen health systems. That is why it was given. And what was the priority of the Mitsotakis government? It has not hired a single permanent rescuer in the EKAB for four years.

We had hired over 300.

560 departures at EHAB. That's why we're seeing more and more incidents every day, with people dying in the back of farm cars because there are no ambulances to take them to public hospitals. This is where the difference in perception of how society should or should not be supported lies. It's not just the National Health System, but also in a number of other areas where there is a hidden agenda on the part of New Democracy and an opposing agenda on our side. What is New Democracy's plan for small and medium-sized entrepreneurship? It's the Pissarides plan, which calls for the shrinking of small and medium-sized enterprises because they are not competitive and must be closed down. The plan was not implemented in the last four years due to the pandemic, but it will be implemented in the next four years.

In the face of this plan, we are not proposing an increase in contributions, as the propaganda parrots say. Instead, we are proposing a regulation of debts created since the pandemic period, similar to what we did in 2018 with the debts to the social security funds.

But what other area is critical? What other critical issue is of concern to citizens? And I think there is a hidden agenda there too. Obviously, the issue of inexpensiveness is plundering the income of every household. So, on the issue of accuracy, Mr Mitsotakis has hidden behind benefits. He did not decide for a moment to tax or to stop obscenity, but only created this mechanism for redistributing income. How? By keeping the value-added tax consistently high in order to create surplus revenue in the public coffers to direct it to subsidies that go specifically to the energy cartels, the refining cartels, and the food supply chain cartels so that they, in turn, keep prices high. He says he hasn't raised a single tax, he hasn't raised a single €1. The truth is that in the last year and a half, he has increased taxes by over 6 billion euros, keeping VAT high. Because when a household's basket goes from 50 to 100€, it is not necessary to increase the VAT rate to increase the tax. It doubles the tax paid by the average consumer, the average citizen. When you used to fill the tank with €80 and now you fill it with €160, there is no need to increase the rate. It doubles the tax paid by the average citizen. So this scheme was built, it was created precisely so that the cartels could keep prices high and be able to get revenue through these subsidies. But the truth is that we will eventually run out of subsidies. Mr Mitsotakis stubbornly refuses to cut VAT, indirect taxes, and excise duty. And we ask, what will happen when the subsidies, the allowances, the passes? How will the average grassroots family live? How will the middle class be able to survive? How will pensioners who see their income end in the third week of the month and thanks to these benefits can somehow manage to make ends meet, be able to live with dignity? What happens when they run out? They don't care what happens when it's over. They are interested in winning the election, and the next day they don't care how society will hold up.

Instead, we have a plan to tax the cartels' excessive profits, to stop the obscenity, and to return this wealth that they reap to society. We have a plan to reduce value-added tax and excise duty, especially for farmers and livestock farmers who are in a desperate situation. To cancel the payment of excise duty on agricultural and livestock oil.

A fourth equally important programmatic issue, where there is also a hidden agenda, is the issue of auctions of first homes. We are told that there is no issue with first home auctions. What our eyes see are the crippled man in Halkidiki sleeping outside his house because he was a guarantor on his unemployed son's loan, the mother of a single-parent family in Petralona who walked out of her house because she owed 10,000 euros, and dozens of cases that are obviously not shown in the media. As we know, in our country, we have the privilege and peculiarity of being in the hundred and eighth place in the world in terms of media pluralism, but these images will be images of our everyday life the next day. They will be images that we will see everywhere. Why? Because 700,000 mortgages on first homes, commercial housing, and farmland have been passed from banks to funds, and the funds have a plan. They bought them for 15-20% of the value and they want to auction them off to get 100% of the market value. And they will auction them off because that is Mitsotakis' hidden plan. The biggest property redistribution the country has seen since WWII.

Instead, we have a plan to regulate fairly in order to support not only the weak but also the middle class. We will enable them to repay their loans gradually with a significant reduction in the nominal value of the debt. It is not fair for funds to make excessive profits from the property of the middle class. With state support, we aim to keep houses, business properties, workers' land, and agricultural land in the hands and ownership of the middle class and the weak.

I only referred to four critical issues that I think are the core of the programmatic debate that Mr. Mitsotakis and New Democracy are denying, carefully avoiding the issue of the National Health System, the issue of accuracy, the crucial issue of the auctions - auctions that, I beg your pardon, will be carried out by those who owe 400 million to the banks, their party, borrowed and unpaid, and will never return them to the Greek people. The National Health System, auctions, small and medium-sized enterprises, and the issue of price fixing are, for us, the biggest issues of the programmatic agenda that we want to discuss, to put them to the judgment of the Greek people in view of the crucial election on June 25th.

But, friends and citizens of Veria, I want to speak the language of truth. The crucial issue at stake on June 25th is not whether we will have a government on June 26th or whether we will have third elections, as Mr Mitsotakis says. The crucial issue is not whether we will have a government, but whether we will have an uncontrolled, unregulated regime on the 26th. Unfortunately, in recent days we have seen the arrogance of a right-wing party from long ago, as seen in Mrs Bakoyianni's statements in Thrace, where she addressed the Muslim minority in a blackmailing manner. She warned these poor people to be careful, saying that they want the whole map to be blue the next day, and if there is a different color on the map and they are responsible, they will have a hard time. This message was not only addressed to the Muslim minority, but to every home, family, and social group. Those who find themselves in opposition with their will, position, or vote against the regime's perception will have a hard time. This message will go to doctors, nurses, taxi drivers, tourism workers, farmers, and all those who want to resist and demand a better life. We have an answer to this message of the regime, and that is why we call on all democratic and progressive citizens to realize that the next day will be difficult for democracy and society if this development takes place. Mr Mitsotakis admires Mr Orban and his practices, both in relation to immigration and the rule of law. He used the National Intelligence Service to listen to his political opponents, ministers, and even the leadership of the armed forces, and now he wants to eliminate his opponents. He wants to create conditions of monarchy so that he will have no one to prevent him from implementing his policy. That is why we are calling on democratic and progressive citizens to support SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance decisively on June 25th to reverse this correlation, fight and overturn it until the last moment. In any case, we need someone who can look the uncontrolled, unchecked Right in the eye and support the struggles of society for democracy, progress, and social justice. Give strength to the hope that justice will fight back in our country.

And I want to close by saying that this concerns Imathia, it concerns your prefecture. A county that has been abandoned during these four years. And you know it very well, and those of you who see Veroia and Imathia aging, young people leaving your place to search, to look for a better job away from home because there are no jobs. Because agricultural production has been degraded and abandoned. This place should have hundreds of businesses with young people, young farmers, and young entrepreneurs involved in strong quality food products, fruit. That does not exist in your place, it does not exist. The farmers, the producers see that Greece is the country with the biggest difference between the price that the producer pays in the field and the price that the consumer finds on the shelf, over 300% difference. All for the middlemen. So your city, Veroia, and your law, the prefecture of Imathia should know that the next day will be a difficult day anyway. So we need and we call on all Veroys and Imathiotes, democratic and progressive, to have a strong voice of social resistance, of social justice. So we all need to give our strengths so that there is no monopoly in parliamentary representation in Imathia, so that the seat of SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance can be taken, so that its percentage can rise, so that it can stand next day next to the producer, the small and medium-sized businessman, the pensioner, the young people who want to stay and create in their place. That is why I call on you to fight this fight to the end, to fight it together, house to house, mouth to mouth, to strengthen the momentum of the revolution. Let's go together for the reversal, let's go together for the new struggles to come. Thank you, be well.