Mr.Regional Governor, Mr.Mayor, ladies and gentlemen, Young Democrats, one week left to celebrate a great electoral victory. I am very happy to be here with you today here in Lavrio. A short while ago I had the opportunity to give my interview in a place which marks not the past, but the future of Lavrio as I envision it. And, indeed, I do not forget, my Mayor, that this space was secured for the Municipality of Lavrio as a place of innovation and development by Constantine Mitsotakis. Thank you very much for the gardenia, it was - I must tell you - the favourite flower of Marika Mitsotakis, and I want to say happy birthday to all the mothers who are celebrating today. Thank you very much.

Friends, there are seven days left until the elections on 21 May. You see, this election period is going by quickly, but I am glad because we have been given the opportunity until today to be able to explain to the Greek citizens our vision for Greece for the next four years. This electoral period has given us the opportunity to draw clear lines between our own political proposal and that of our opponents and, above all, to focus on the problems that interest and concern you. Because we often go to interviews and answer questions that are of interest to journalists but are not close to the real demands of the citizens. What I am interested in is to use every hour of time available to tell you how we are going to make Greece better in the next four years. We can make it much better. Because we have achieved a lot in four years, in the midst of very great difficulties, a pandemic, a refugee crisis, a neighbour who was constantly giving us problems, an energy crisis. But we kept society on its feet, we supported the world of work, we supported small and medium-sized enterprises.

We have secured the country, we have protected our borders, we have strengthened the Armed Forces, we have made Greece more credible abroad, with a voice that can be heard from Congress to Brussels. I assure you that the voice of Greece is heard today. And it is heard everywhere. In other words, we have laid the foundations for the Greece of the next four years. A Greece which, first and foremost, must be able to produce wealth and prosperity for Greeks.

Here, allow me to make a reference to what the Mayor said and to highlight, through what is happening here in Lavrio, my own overall vision for Greece of growth, prosperity and well-being. Lavrion is a place that was identified with industrial production, a place identified with the demands of the labour movement and a place, at the same time, identified with the deindustrialisation and decline of the last decades. And yet, here in Lavrion today, something very important is happening. And what is happening is not only in the service sector. Yes, my Mayor, you can be absolutely sure that the marina here in Lavrio will be expanded, we will support it. Lavrio must become the first yachting gateway of Attica. Why? For the simple reason that from here the distances to go, especially to the Cyclades, are much closer, so this is something that everyone is looking for. And of course, around yachting a number of other activities are developing that give life not only to the port, but also to many professions around this industry which is so important. So important for the Greek economy and Greek tourism. But you see that suddenly we have gone from yachting to boat building. Because, indeed, it was strange how a country with such a great shipbuilding tradition, a country that has the most beautiful seas in the whole Mediterranean, why do we have to import inflatable boats and not be able to build them here?

We have proved that we can do that too. Just as we can produce many things in our country. So Lavrion suddenly regains the productive base it had and lost. Under different circumstances, however, and with a different potential. To produce products that are exportable and exportable. The companies that come here and invest in Lavrion are companies that, as a rule, offer much better jobs, higher wages, better working conditions for employees. Why am I saying this? To demonstrate through the example of Lavrion that the way to bring better and well-paid jobs to our country is none other than the path we have already taken. Lots of private and public investment, better jobs, well-paid workers, in better conditions, with digital job cards everywhere now, so that there is no employer abuse. In a creative environment, where businesses do well and workers can do even better.

And, of course, this is for the private sector, because as far as the public sector is concerned, the Mayor is right to say that the local government has never seen more money than it did under the New Democracy government. Isn't that right, Mr. Regional Governor? And Patoulis is giving money here. Well, so the money has to work. And what is important is that the projects we are launching are projects that serve a central development vision. We are in very good consultation with local government and ultimately we know that many problems have to be solved locally. The state cannot come in and do everything, but through good working relationships we can build a real future of optimism and prosperity for local communities. This is our goal, our central objective for the next four years.

But a productive Greece must also be a socially just Greece. I want you to know that for the second four-year term, my personal bet is the complete restructuring of the National Health System. There you will see great progress and very important steps, with many investments that will be made in our hospitals. And I know, yes, that somewhere in East Attica we owe a hospital. In East Attica, why does a hospital have to be built? Because East Attica is one of the fastest growing regions in the country, with a large population growth, and we need to make sure it has the infrastructure it deserves. But it's not just the buildings that make the health facilities. We will hire 10,000 nurses and doctors over the next four years. At the same time, we will also put a very strong emphasis on the personal doctor. It's an institution that is already taking root and it's very important to know that you have a reference point, a person who knows your whole picture, your medicine. In digital tools, that your prescriptions and your tests can now come to you on mobile through "MyHealth". All of this is a revolution in the way we deliver health services. And, of course, in preventative screening, which I attach so much importance to, because there is nothing better that we can do than to prevent a disease before we have to treat it afterwards.

We did it with breast cancer very successfully. Seven thousand women have been identified with early breast cancer, they will get well, precisely because we found the cancer early. Because we went to these women, many of whom had never had a mammogram. We went to them and said, get a free mammogram at a public or private facility, and they went, they found the problem. Yes, it's not easy, we're all afraid to get screenings, but it's much better to do them and find the problem early before we run afterwards when it's too late.

To make a special mention, I see Stelios Kympouropoulos with us and I want to thank him for what he has done and is doing in the European Parliament. I want to say that the Personal Assistant that we are now implementing throughout the country, two thousand of our fellow citizens with severe disabilities will have the opportunity, with resources secured, to have a person by their side to help them in their professional and personal lives, so that we can finally free families from this burden, was a vision of Stelios. I am very happy that we were able to implement it and secure the resources, and it is further proof of how we really understand social sensitivity.

I am tired of hearing that others are more sensitive than us. Some others are, he says, more progressive than us, just because they are left-wing. No, friends, we are the real party of progress and social cohesion. We must finally speak in deeds and not in words. These, then, are just a few nuggets from our plan for the next four years. I do not want to bore you much longer, it is a beautiful Sunday and I know that you too want to go and sit down to eat with your families. To celebrate our mothers, to honor and celebrate them and to thank them for all that they have done. I should note, of course, how much importance we attach to supporting working women.

Very important, with many programmes that balance professional and personal life, with extended hours in all-day schools, with more children in nurseries, with "Neighbourhood Nannies". All of this ultimately serves working mothers, because we want more women in the labour market. I think that is something we can make a reality. I'll leave you with one final thought, which has to do with the dilemma really of this election. We have worked very hard to bring Greece to the situation it is in today. Is it a paradise? No. But it is a much better country than it was in 2019. I don't think any bona fide citizen can dispute that.

But this is a course which is not predetermined and it is not certain that it would continue if, by no means, there were a change in the political events of the country. That is why I am so insistent on the criticality of these elections. This work that we have been doing must continue and intensify. In eight years' time, if we had eight years of government - which we will have - Greece will really be a different country. I ask you to give me this opportunity, this work that we have done with our staff, so that we can continue it, so that we can complete it. Because then the changes that we have initiated will really have taken root to such an extent that no one will be able to reverse them. I am sure, friends, that we will be given that opportunity. I am sure that on this important day that half of Greece is celebrating, Constantine and Helen, including my son, it will be a day on which we will be able to celebrate the great victory of the New Democracy, which will also be a victory for Greece. Thank you very much. Let us go and find the last remaining votes, let us fight until the last moment. The elections are decided in the end. We have stamina. We are marathon runners, we are not sprinters, but we will do the final sprint this week and we will be the big winners.