The debt of disobedience is the only one we recognize. 4 years ago, friends, fellow travellers, compañeros and comrades. We were in the town hall, we were far fewer. Nevertheless, we managed to put the OXI, the brave OXI of the Greek people back in Parliament until we achieved it, the OXI had been banished. Today I received a series of questions from one of the mainstream media. Interview. First question, Mr Varoufakis. Did this country see and feel that it could escape from the anti-memorandum frenzy and move forward. And you are bringing this dream back into the consciousness of the Greek people? First question. We have to look them in the eye. And thunder them. That the no vote was a high point in the history of the global left of the global democratic movement. It was a unique one. A ray of hope in the gloom that has prevailed since the crisis of 2008 worldwide our 1929 our interwar that gave birth to the golden dawns of Le Pen, Trump, Orban all this dream of fascism born out of the crisis, the global crisis of capitalism that hit this country worse than any country, no country in the world lost 28% of its national income. No country in the world is now on a lower income than it was 13 years ago. And more debt to say it once again there is no country in the world today with lower income than it had 13 years ago and more debt. There is no country in the world, another novelty of the Memorandumists who want to convince us that the Memoranda have been left behind and that we are now free and beautiful, free and beautiful and sailing on the seas of freedom and independence.

We are the only country in the world with a super fund. Which was actually legislated and created in the name of the Radical Left. A greater victory for Schäuble, a greater victory for the crows, for the predators, for the International Monetary Fund, for Frankfurt, for London, for Paris, for all the executives of the oligarchy without borders, there is no greater victory than the superfund. What do I mean? What is the Super Fund? They made a goal, that's what they call it. It's a bit of a comic book, isn't it, superheroes? They built a fund and put all the public assets into it. Whatever the Greek people have left, that is, what they haven't already sold off, right? And this. They ceded its administration to the lenders. Do you know the Yperatfond? It has an administration. Which is absolutely controlled by the lenders, by whichever of the foreign conquerors of this country after 2010 and Kastelorizo. And that's what happened. It was not done under Papandreou, Papademos, or Samaras, it was not done under the days of the first left. Which I'll be damned if it was the first time left. What does this Superfund mean? That all public property has passed into the hands of foreign powers. Not even the Wehrmacht did this in the 40s during the occupation, nor did India under the yoke of the British Empire have anything so odious and so conquering. Like the Super Fund we have today.

Friends, compañeras, comrades, companions, fellow travellers. What is at stake in the elections? The big question, you know, the day after tomorrow we will have a goal. So they call it a monologue sequence will be the minute and a half. But there you'll see. The full consensus. Of Messrs Mitsotakis, Tsipras and Androulakis. On one and indeed the most important issue of all. What is their agreement that the country is out of the memoranda? That the country has left the crisis behind. In the euro crisis the debt crisis, the crisis of bankruptcy of the Greek public sector, the crisis of bankruptcy of the Greek private sector and now independent proceeds the same forces to the future and it is a matter. Which of these three gentlemen? Which of these 3 parties will manage the freedom of Greece from the yoke of the memorandum? This is their common narrative, they are interfering, they are competing over which one of them will manage the post-memorandum Greece, which is a wave of their imagination. Because we are in the deepest memorandum, the one signed by the Syriza government in August 2018.

Let me remind the old timers who have been with Day 25 from the very first moment we founded Day 25 in March 2018. We waited, we waited, we hoped other extra-parliamentary extra-parliamentary forces on the left would take the first step to get the no vote back into parliament but it didn't happen. It was then at the beginning of 2018 when it was clear by now that the Syriza government was launching the biggest lie in post-war Greece that it would get us out of the memorandum. The fourth memorandum signed in August 2018. They called it a post-memorandum because they had learned well the Goebbels manual which says what? If you want to tell a big lie, you take the truth, you turn it upside down. He created a huge lie and repeats it over and over and over again. That's Goebbels' playbook. Read it. Don't read it, believe it. If you want to quote Goebbels, get Orwell. So the bilingualism. The inversion of the truth you take the phrase fourth memorandum and turn it into a post-memorial.

You don't need to know economics. We went bankrupt in 2010 because our income was 220. And the debt of 300. 220, income 300, debt. Today the income is from 220 to 192 and the debt from 300 to 400. Then why are the markets rejoicing and triumphing and actually the Greek government borrowing rates are relatively low 4 something in the 100 relatively low. In nominal terms why? It's very simple. Because the European Central Bank has decided. To cover up the bankruptcy of the public sector. Like they did with the first memorandum, what did they do with the first memorandum? We were bankrupt and they gave us 110 billion to give to the French-German banks to pretend that we were paying back. And with our second memorandum as another 130, as a second credit card to draw on. To pretend to pay off the first credit card. The third memorandum, a third credit card and so on, the fourth memorandum storming was I gave, it's new money, they had some left over from the third from the third credit card, but they took 110 billion that was paid off in the 20s and put it in the 30s tokens. It's a loan and another credit card and that's what they will continue to do. It's not hard to pretend a bankrupt person is not bankrupt by lending them more under conditions though that allow you, the lender, to take what you have and don't have from them. For the looting we see today. It is a question. Of the Treaties by which they pass on our bankruptcy, growing it and deepening it into the future.

In the Day 25 alliance for rupture we say something very, very simple, this country is not sustainable. This society is not sustainable. It is being deserted every day. Not only are our children not coming abroad, more are leaving. It is no coincidence that the younger generation today is faced with an overwhelming dilemma. Either to leave. Or to stay here, bent over. With low, trimmed expectations. With wages. Humiliating, with no prospects, with rents that are rising exponentially. With education, which is collapsing exponentially, with health care, which is being systematically slashed.

This country will end up mathematically if you and we don't do something, People who are not with us yet and have to come with us if we don't do something. And what is that something or rupture? The rupture with this process that deserts the country if we don't do something, the country will turn into a Kosovo. With beautiful beaches. Why am I referring to Kosovo? Anyone who has been to Kosovo recently will see that something is missing. There are no young people in Kosovo, they have all left. If you go to Pristina the capital of Kosovo and get a debit card and put in an ATM euro will get you out. And they have euros. And young people don't have them remind you of anything, that's where we're going.

The first memorandum years. Which were particularly bleak and gave birth. The Golden Dawn-type formations. With the poverty, you remember, with the soup kitchens, with the suicides. But. It was a period. When 99% of Greeks were losing together. Even well-established bourgeois of the colonnade. They were watching their standard of living decline. They may have had apartments in Kolonaki, but they couldn't rent them, they couldn't sell them. The market had collapsed, they had to pay rent, they had property, but they had no money. And they suffered, not of course, like the working class, not like the youth, not like women, not like the immigrants, many of whom were forced to emigrate again during the first years of the memorandum. But it was a situation that all the Greek people. With the exception of Sala and his gang who were intubated by the Memoranda and pocketed pieces of this new debt taken on by the government of Papandreou, Papademos, Venizelos, Samaras and the evil Synapandos. 99% lost together. But with the third memorandum of SYRIZA. And especially the fourth.

Third in the summer of 15, after the betrayal of no, fourth in August 2018 something very different begins and something that will be the subject of many doctoral books and articles in the international literature on the plunder of peoples in the future. It begins a triptych of policies and mechanisms that have achieved something that has never been achieved in the history of international capitalism. What? Their achievement was the transformation of the bankruptcy of the many into super-profits for the few. Watch out. Capitalist exploitation is one thing. We put the proletariat to work. We extract surplus value, because that's what we pay for. It is less than the value of his labor or power. And from this act A profits. The banker profits the rancher and what remains is capitalist profit. What happened in Greece has nothing to do with capitalist process of exploitation and production.

Let's take these 3 mechanisms. Let me refer to these mechanisms as the 3 geese that lay golden eggs for the oligarchy. First. Hercules. The market. And the sale. And exploitation of the people's red loans, a numerical example. A numerical example. Someone here in the dove, just before the crisis. Did he get an apartment or a 150,000 dollar store? He put 50 out of pocket and borrowed 100. During the first few years he even paid it off. 50. So of the 150 of the original purchase price he had paid off 100, 50 down payment 50 paid off in the bank. And the crisis starts, incomes go down. Maybe the business is not doing well, maybe his salary is cut, her salary is cut, her pension or whatever. And it starts to go red, the loan she had was originally 100, then it went to 50 and it starts to go red and it goes back to 100. And then Hercules comes in. A fund. Which is set up in Delaware. 99% of the funds are incorporated in Delaware. Look it up and see why. With the goal of being a citizen of a city, why Delaware? Because the legal framework in Delaware allows you to incorporate there without the state knowing who you are. Do you realize that? The President of the United States cannot know who owns a corporation incorporated in Delaware. So he's the one who is the banker here and he passes the loan to the treasury from one pocket he puts it in the other. It's Mitsotakis Inc. and the whole gang. Mr. Mitsotakis' social circle. There are some others from other political parties and of course foreign predators. Like Mr. Paulson, for example, who took over Piraeus. Like CVC who took over PPC. Who also took over the health and metropolitan. Who also takes colleges. That's what it is, that's what it means to grab and grab. So they set up the fund in Delaware, open a bank account in the galleries. Because because there's no income tax and no business tax there. So they come here. We're going back to our friend here or our friend in the dovecote. He had gotten a 150 house, he's paid off 100. The 50 that's left is 100 again this fund comes in. And he gives three grand. To buy this loan of 100. 3. And the government of Mr. Mitsotakis comes along. And he demands that you triumph because he says we have. New foreign direct investment. And the man who doesn't know. From the channels. From the media of mass deception of the same oligarchs of the same owners of the same predators. He hears, foreign direct investment and he says to you, that's a good thing. It was money, it's being invested, it's going to create jobs, big deal jobs. You know what foreign direct investment is? 3 grand. The ones that came in to get the 100 loan. Zero, new jobs. And what does the fund do? If they sell, hammer, auction that property of the man who has paid 100,000 to get it. Who has bought it for 150,000, has paid 100,000. If the fund sells it for 50,000. He's given 3 grand and he had made 47 and he's going to make it sta kayman island without it being illegal, you know that? No one is enforcing it, he's not going to keep the money. They don't tax him here to make it. We have freedom of movement of funds. People can't go anywhere the funds with a button are gone and they've gone to the Cayman Islands. Think about it. In what country in the world has more capitalism caught on? Invest 3 and make 47 without doing anything. There is no country. That's why the Mitsotakis government is right. That foreign investors listen to Greece and rub their hands. How can they not rub their hands since we are giving them The highest profit rate in the world without producing anything just by a process of looting called secondary market hercules? No home in the hands of a banker. When God knows who owns those funds from Delaware. And bankers. And Patsy's and social circle of Mitsotakis S.A. And we don't know and again the thing is worse than it was. At least we once knew who the bankers were now we don't even know who the bankers are who are usurping private property. 70 billion euros will make those funds in the Cayman Islands. 70%, they say so themselves. Look at their balance sheets. Every day they cheer every day that they are increasing their rate of revenue generation. From the flesh like hyenas tearing at the flesh of a corpse. Of the Greek private sector. This is the first to lay golden eggs for the oligarchy.

 What do we say? Abolition of the Hercules market. Finally, without further discussion, the creation of a public company for the management of red debts. Red debts go through everything. To the e-books. What we call Ulysses, the Polymath, who is coming to replace Hercules. The borrower is not forgiven because it's unfair to the other person who managed to pay it back, but you don't foreclose, you don't evict, you don't throw it out. Plus. You charge him a small fee per month not to exceed 1/6th of his disposable income and if he's below a certain income you don't charge him anything. He lives in his house, runs his shop with one employee 2 employees. You don't throw them out to be auctioned off by the predatory fund. The same with the farm land which is also redundant, the farmer, the farmer's wife continues to cultivate it. Forever if necessary. Are you freezing it? And hold on to that man. The percentage of her ownership in the particular case I gave you the example of has already paid off before the crisis 2/3 of the original price today with what is going on. He's left with zero. After the auction zero he has paid 2/3 and is left with zero. What do we say; if you've given 2/3 you keep it as if you have shares in the. Property. 2/3. And when in the future you either sell it. Because you can't sell it unless you have a settlement with Ulysses. You make a deal, we sell it, Ulysses keeps 1/3. And you get 2/3 since you're a shareholder of the 2 thirds of the property, because you've paid off 2/3 of the property. That's when you can do it when you can. Without any enforcement will somebody tell me? I don't have a red loan and then what do I care? You want me to tell you why you care? Because the house next door to yours in the shop next door to yours someone has a red loan. And when the predatory fund that has grabbed it puts it under the hammer, the value of your property will go down too. That's why you care.

What do PASOK and SYRIZA say? We will protect the first home. And how are you guys going to do that? As long as the hercules exists and red loans are bought and sold. You can't protect the first home when everything is bought and sold, because they contain basic housing and small shops you are fooling people, we read very carefully the proposal of SYRIZA to protect the first home. Do you know what it says? It safeguards the excess profits of the funds under the cloak of progressiveness, the Left and progress. How does it do this? What does it say? You will get it, it says, the fund will take the house but it will give you a 50% haircut. Obviously he's going to give you a haircut. Do you remember the example of The Numerator? We buy 3 grand to give 100. They never believe, they're going to get 100; they're going to get 50 and Syriza comes in and ensures at 50 they can get it on Cayman Island and they call that basic housing protection. The same people who took the NO of the Greek people. And in a vulgar way that night of the referendum, while we were all celebrating a unique moment in the history of the global left, of the global democratic movement. They took the NO vote and turned it into a Yes vote, together with the new democracy that they took out of the wastebasket, to which the Greek people had condemned it, together with PASOK, together with the river, remember.

For the right-wing guy to come today and demonize the day 25 alliance for rupture because he says we want to go back to the Greek people's NO, yes. We went back to the Greek people's NO, we put it in Parliament and now we're going to make it a huge yes for the great overthrow of the oligarchy. A huge yes for the socialization of this goose that lays the golden eggs called Hercules and its transformation into Odysseus.

we go to the second goose. Overshoot, not throw. I'll go to this one, it's the third one. Energy Exchange. Well. Those who post, what happened in the late '70s in Britain, late '70s and we have here the Kuvelakis stand. We had a prime minister. Do you remember that a Mrs. Thatcher? Who. She was particularly. Effective in breaking public goods, public utilities into many pieces, privatizing them what we saw here with the PPP. What we have seen with the public utility what we are seeing now with water was first taught by Thatcher, so here from the dove I want to look you in the eye and tell you that Syriza, New Democracy, the Republic and PASOK are much worse than Thatcher and don't turn around and tell me that I am a Thatcherite because Syriza and New Democracy and PASOK are worse under Thatcher. Some of us spent our youth on pickets, in demonstrations, getting beaten up by Mrs Thatcher's mounted police, but really comrades, comrades, comrades-in-arms, friends. These people here are worse than Asia and I will prove it to you.

What did Thatcher say about the PPP, the English PPP? What did she say she was joking to the British public who had no problem with the British public power company. No problem at all. How did she convince them that breaking the PPP was good? The British public PPP into pieces and privatise them, he said this. Fellow countrymen how much is each 100 kilowatt hours? 100 is not today you are good with 100 fine. Well see what we do. We will put a cap. The kilowatt hour will not go over 100. That's what you're currently entitled to? I the state will not go above what it is today. I will privatize it. The store I will break it into pieces. As it happened here with the DEDDEe the ADMIE, the this I will put private people in how they put in mythy pigeon dove DES bardinoyannis, lathis and the evil conglomerate again. What if the market that will be created? This private market will bring the price down below 100. What do you mind you? It's nice. So convince the British. He puts a cap and the market tells you. If it succeeds, bring it down below the cap. So he passed it. Here. In the name of the radical left under the orders, Commission confirmation of all the predators hiding behind the troika's apron strings. They built the energy exchange. And to prove to you that they are worse than Thatcher, they didn't put a cap. No cap. They don't make rules. On how the price of a kilowatt hour is determined. What did they say? It's a market on its own, it will find the right price. We'll make a stock exchange, the stock exchange will find the price on its own. You don't need to know anything about stock exchanges to realize. That this is a scam. A stock market wants thousands of players competing against each other to have a balancing towards a price. Again, there is absolutely no guarantee that a REAL exchange will result in prices that are consistent, first, with green energy. Second, with the interest of the people third, with economic efficiency. But when you have to stock market with 5. Vardinoyannis, Latsis, Peristeri, Mytilineos and CVC who took our PPC. That's not a stock exchange, it's a cafe of fun. They sit among themselves. Do you know how a coffee shop works? I'll tell you. They don't even bother themselves often follows all the festive of Latsis with the strong of the millennial with the weakness of the dove and electronically to not spend and live with i.e. every day they say guys what to charge? To the people. One of them says, let's give them 100 €. A little other well crazy you are 200 at least. The other one comes. 240. So he comes and says: "Take it easy, guys. If we give them 240 they might die and tomorrow we won't have to steal from them. Let's give them 210 and join 210. This is the energy exchange we have in Greece, in the name of the Left and the progress of Syriza, Alexis Tsipras, George Stathakis, Euclid Tsakalotos. The Syriza people say to us, but why do you have empathy with Syriza? We have no empathy with Syriza. SYRIZA has empathy with the Greek people when it introduces this so-called stock exchange, the energy cartel and asks the left. To legitimize it with its vote by accepting it. This is the second goose with the golden eggs for the oligarchs. What do we say? Well, it can't be done. Support the green transition. Support the people's income. Protect your people from having a stroke every time they open their utility bill. And keep the energy exchange alive. Look at SYRIZA's program, just as it doesn't say a word about abolishing Hercules it doesn't say a word about abolishing the energy exchange.

We will abolish it and put a cap of 5% above the average cost of production and distribution of electricity. As a first step before nationalisation and the creation of a single PPP, which will be handed over to social control through parliamentary councils of lotteries and elected citizens. This is what the left means.

The third goose that lays golden eggs I mentioned before is the Super Fund. At the moment, huge games are being played on the back of the superfund through PPPs, a partnership, it says, between the public and private sectors. Bullshit partnership. There is no partnership. The private sector gets everything and the public sector ensures the profits. That's not even capitalism, in capitalism, you're supposed to be a capitalist. He takes a risk. You read the capital. Volume one, volume two. Marx talks about a capitalism. Where the capitalist's concern is not to go bankrupt. And so he goes on to extract surplus value from labor and the process. In this process with the western. There is no anxiety on the part of the capitalist, because he has the state which ensures him profit. If he makes a profit it is his if he has a loss, it is ours. This is not capitalism. This is a clear feudal state, a feudal plunder.

What do we say about the Super Fund? Abolish it. And transfer the public assets to the new Development Bank, in which it will serve as the capital base of a new public development bank that will use that capital base to generate a flow of capital that will go to biome-type cooperative enterprises that will go to the small and medium-sized enterprises, that will go to the green transition, that will go to the creation of energy communities within the single public electricity utility that will go to the future of our youth, the future of this country, that will be invested in the future of our youth, the future of this country. So that it doesn't become Kosovo with nice beaches.

You'll never hear that. So we're going to go out the representatives of the day 25 coalition for the break and we're going to whisper something about all of this. That you know something? If it's the democrat voters who are mostly lay people. They're victims. Of the memorandum process, they are victims of Syriza. They are victims of the new democracy. They are victims of PASOK. People of the popular right have always been victims of the right. If they knew what they were saying, they would rise up against the memorandum parties and the new democracy itself. But they don't know it. Because we have the means of mass deception. Which belong to whom? Mytilineos, Vardinoyannis. Latsis. Pigeon. Alafouzos, Marinakis. Who do what? They sue the kleonas when he dares to speak the truth from the floor of the Parliament that on the one hand alafouzos has the shit that all day, all day, demonizes any of us who dare to talk about a peace process in Ukraine. As Putin. And at the same time Mr. Alafuzos with the tankers carrying Mr. Putin's oil, it's amazing, it's unimaginable the amount of hypocrisy they have, and he's suing. And what is equally interesting? His channel says nothing about this lawsuit. It's a major news story. The owner of the ski boat is suing a member of the Greek Parliament for something he said on the floor of Parliament, which is news. And they're not reporting it. But none of them nor the marinakis, the channels. Neither of the pigeon, the channels, nor of Vardinoyannis what did I do for? Every time now. We're going out. In the channels because now they are obliged to take us out of the law by the election law by the election law they are obliged to. You're going to say a few words about Hercules for the scenes with the golden eggs. About the Superfund. As soon as you start talking about the energy stock exchange, you're going to close the banks like you did in the 15th century, you were recording our Eurogroups, you're a friend of Schäuble. Yeah, I was that much of a friend of Schäuble's? If you tell him, he might have a stroke. While Alexis is the great enemy of Schäuble. Do you know how he's got it in for Schäuble? He signed everything, he said yes to everything to get him to break his balls. Since then, Schäuble has been unable to sleep at night, he tells you that in the name of the Radical Left, he signed things that Samaras did not sign and implemented them much more effectively. So he threw Alexis Tsipras in the dustbin of history at Schäuble. Let's have a few laughs.

It has become too nice the story with Dimitra you agree I have. Having fun this situation. Today. I was just a while ago on the bulletin of Mr Varoufakis. But why did you take out the demitra now? In the open? Are we living on the same planet? First. The basis of the demitra. It's a plan we originally worked on 25 years ago with Rafael Correa that was implemented in Ecuador. Then. I've written articles upon articles in the international literature since 8, 2008, 2009, 2010 2012, 2013. In 2015, June 2015. The Financial Times which is not exactly a Marxist Leninist newspaper in a 3000 word article referred to the idea on which the executioner is based as a very, very good idea for Greece, Financial Times in 15. It was the reason why I accepted the Ministry of Finance because Alexis Tsipras had agreed that it was a very good way to give fiscal breathing space to our government and in case we are created in its suffocation by Frankfurt to be able to breathe and if necessary it becomes a drachma, together we had said it. It is the reason the Treasury gave me to implement. Now he doesn't know, he's forgotten, he's amnesiac. That's what they do. His hostilities with Schäuble create amnesia situations. 2019 in here. At City Hall here behind us. The executioner was part of our election program. December 2020 we tabled a bill with Demetra, we fought for it to be debated, you non-party members should know. For the demitra. Silence. We did a whole workshop in the technopolis, on the gas we called Mark Blythe a very important economist from Brown University with Nick Theocharakis. 6 hours presented with the demitra. We had invited journalists, SYRIZA parties, KKE parties, no one came to talk to them, they didn't say anything about the demitra. Suddenly they discovered it and they ask us why are you putting it out in the open? Now we've put it out now. The trolls of the New Republic have now brought it out. But we are very clear that it is now the trolls of democracy that have put it out.

This is a case of domestic violence, a case of intra-memorandum conflict between the New Democracy and Syriza. The reason they took it out? It's to stop Alexis Tsipras from coughing, who remember what he used to come out and say until very recently he used to say, let day 25 say that he wants me if I come out first on 21/05 they will come with me. And the new republic that's bringing out the executioner to force him to label us miasma, to be disavowed for daring to do so. Talk about a free digital payment system that will rob the bankers of around 2 billion a year. The establishment basically said to Tsipras, "Come on, you're a good boy. And he reversed to no and applied to the memoranda. Very well, but but it's not enough.

You must not only say that what you are doing together with the people who today are in the day 25 alliance for rupture that is not only Varoufakis, it is a great joy to have with us the comrades of popular unity. It is a great joy to have so many and so many and so many comrades of the Non-Aligned, Non-Aligned Left who have come together. What they are asking him, they are asking him to sign a statement of repentance. Because for going along with us and he thought for maybe 10 seconds. The break. A payment system that is not controlled by the private banks or the European Central Bank.

And of course you heard him the other day? He signed the statement of repentance. Now he's only talking about joining forces with PASOK. Praise God, because we will not join forces with those who created the three geese with golden eggs for the oligarchy. With full openness. And it is with great pain of soul that we have been telling them for two years. And I'll tell you why we've been telling them. To turn our hearts to stone, to sit around a table. Forget the past, talk about the basic problems of this people, the red loans. Electricity. The Superfund. Rented work, which is the dream that is destroying the future of our youth. To talk, not to agree. Hard to agree. At least talk to explore the possibilities for some convergence. We believe in simple proportional representation because we love and value and believe in simple proportional representation. We don't play at it. We don't say we are the only ones, we have a monopoly on truth, wisdom and purity. Let's come and talk. Come to talk and emerge through dialogue the possibility of convergence exists. You never know when to close the door on dialogue. And what did they say? Come after election Sunday and get a ministry. Well, no. Mr. Tsipras was not slaughtered, we're not going to come after election Sunday to get a ministry that we kicked him out, we kicked him out in 2015. And I'm not alone anymore in this party there are other comrades and comrades who left the targets and we said take them. We are interested in looking at the Greek people who voted. Not who went out on the streets that amazing evening of Friday 03/07/2015 we were all together hundreds of thousands in Syntagma Square and said to us, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in, do not give in on the evening of the twenty-first of May. Only our duty is to disobey. If you think about it. What is the leadership of Syriza telling us? Why is the Syriza leadership telling us? We do not speak. Because if we talk to you, the oligarchy will cut our salaries, neither Vardinoyannis nor, imagine now, Alafouzos and so on, will talk to him again. With whom we have a very good relationship. A relationship of united cooperation of SYRIZA proved it 4 years they gave to Latsis in the Greek from the opposition benches. Imagine if they were in government they would do. They would have given them the Acropolis. What are they telling us? Go to your people here in the dove, in Menidi, in Corfu, where we were yesterday in Ioannina, where we were the day before yesterday. Promise them to abolish Hercules? Promise them the abolition of the energy exchange? Do you promise to abolish the superfund? Promise them the abolition of wage labour and then, on the evening of May twenty-first, come and make me Prime Minister and Minister and Ministers in this and your no ministry so that we don't do all the things you have promised your people. Are they serious? Do they know us? They don't know us. There's no chance of us doing that. We look you in the eye and we say. That. Anyone who respects simple proportional representation. Either he speaks before. Either after Sunday looks them in the eye, she says. Pasok new republic Syriza had so little differences between you, co-government and get it over with. Enough of the cockfighting between you? What do you disagree on? What do you disagree on? In the particulars. Okay, you guys have so much in common with each other, govern and we will be against it, both in and out of Parliament.

Not only the issues of the plunder and the sustainability of this country are also companions. We have a war right here beside us. I don't know if you noticed a few months ago a Mr. Pyatt, you remember Mr. Pyatt, was the United States Ambassador to Athens. When he left, he retired and went to Washington. You know, all the ambassadors who pass through Greece go to a very high position in Washington, they've done their agrarian in Greece and then they go to higher positions in Washington. Thank Mr. Pyatt, thank Mr. Tsipras. Because he says he pointed out Alexandroupolis as a very good port and airport for the American armed forces. This has never been done before. Usually the Americans after 946. When they took over from the British Empire that became the Trampa. The British placemen of the civil war were withdrawn and the Americans came in. Since then the Americans have been coming whether it is Karamanlis or not. I don't know who and they say that's what I want. And they get it. For the first time he went prime minister according to the United States ambassador, he went prime minister to the ambassador. He just says, look, we have a very nice airport and port there called Alexandroupolis. It would make you and I turn around like it would be amazing. 122 flights every day carrying God knows where. We know where. They've put Alexandroupolis in the crosshairs of nuclear war. They've delivered Northern Greece. To the United States, to NATO, in a war without end, from which hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians will be killed, hundreds of thousands of Russians, are killed every day. Millions, not to say billions, of poor people in Africa will starve, they are already starving in Asia because of the increase in the price of fertilisers, of raw materials for agricultural products. This rekindles or strengthens and reinforces the new cold war between America and China and Greece once again, like in 1944, was in the eye of the hurricane, this is where the Cold War started. This is where the euro crisis started. And now we are back to Alexandroupolis. The epicentre of imperialist adventures.

We condemned Putin as a war criminal. I personally condemned him in 2001. For killing 250,000 Chechens to establish his autocracy in Moscow. We do not mince our words, neither Putin nor NATO. A movement of nonaligned, that's what we stand for. We are working with Amlo, the President of Mexico, together with the comrades of the Communist Party of Cuba, together with Lula who will be with us in Brazil in August. What other party in Greece works so systematically? The Pigeon. Nationwide. Pan-European, through Diem25, you know that this week Day 25 Germany is running in the elections in the state bremen. Internationalism in practice.

Is it possible our companions ask me some? Are the Syrians the same as the Democrats? Of course they are not the same. If you enter. In the houses. Our comrade to our comrades in the Syriza you will see that they have pretty much the same books in our libraries. We come from the same cultural and political background. We have the same readings, the same listening we have seen the movies, we have cried to the same music. They have nothing to do with the new democracy or does that hurt us as much as the energy stock exchange, Hercules, Alexandroupolis? The Hyperfund was passed in the name of our common culture. We have an obligation to untie these people from SYRIZA. From a leadership that in the name or in the sense of the lesser evil of the lesser evil is doing the greatest evil, because this is the logic of the lesser evil, guys, a little better than them. Let's vote for them these are not Semitic. Semitis wasn't saying they are a little better. From the new democracy and he was better than the new democracy. Remember the racist narrative of the New Democracy? Then in 2000, when it was launched against the Albanians, PASOK was a little bit better than the new democracy. Yes, but what the left always said was that this was a false dilemma and they were in a dilemma because the logic of the lesser evil leads to the greatest evil both in 2000 with Simitis and today with the memorandum establishment, which is what it is presented as.

As a radical left, the only radical left is here tonight in the dove. And submits a 100-day breakthrough program. Speaking of the first break, for the break has not been made in 2015. Some of us meant it, we talked about it. We were planning it. We craved it while others pulled the rug out from under us. And they finally pulled the rug out from under our feet and overthrew an entire nation. First time rupture will be with the day 25 alliance for rupture because indeed everything can be different. F. And because the rupture. It is happening globally pan-European, nationwide and locally. The moment of my great joy has come. To read to you and to call up here on the podium the names of the candidates in the Athens West Sector of Day 25, alliance for rupture. Here I see a Mr. Arsenis. I don't know of the abdomen. Elias. Crito, Elias Arsenis. Helen Poulou, Helen upstairs. George, come on, George. As my colleague and another usual suspect, John Leventidis. Argyro, you want it, don't you? Argyro, come on up. Jella's here. Come on up. Georgia Xidopoulou. Georgia's missing, it doesn't matter, she'll be in the next one. Charilaos, so we remember Florakis, right? F. Marios παρασκευopoulos. Come on, Mario, don't be shy. Maria Rizopoulou, Maria Rizopoulou. Come on. Nicholas Sakoutis. A house. The other Nikolas Haralampopoulos. Nicholas Haralampopoulos. Konstantinos Houliaras from his old day 25, Come on Konstantinos. Cheers. Chrysavgi chronopoulou. Yannis Chaltas. Hello, Yannis. Well, fellow comrades. I have a request, I want this struggle to be fought with joy because, like the truth, joy is revolutionary. We must transmit it to the world because what we are now achieving so many years after our defeat in our common defeat, the defeat of our people, that night of the referendum is the first time that I personally feel that we have conquered the right to smile and to joy, not only in our political program, which is in great need of being transmitted. But I want you to rejoice, and you know what? Keep your strength up because on the evening of the twenty-first of May. We begin the real campaigning that will begin the next day. Because both democracy and Syriza have no respect for simple proportional representation. They will go for a second election and we will come out even stronger in the second ballot box, but we have to run a marathon and be ready. One swallow. A Stathis Kuvelakis stand candidate on the statewide ballot. It's gonna take a lot of work, but we'll get it done. Where? From. I built it with you, didn't I? Allies with what? I will. Me. And I came. Come on. You will. Gallery g. I will. I will.