Thank you, thank you for this very beautiful, very warm welcome. You know, it is always my luck to end my election tours with a passage through Central Macedonia and especially through Pella, and because you were lucky last time, we will be the big winners on Sunday night, friends. So that we can continue on this path of recovery that we started four years ago when I asked you to sign a truth agreement.

We have honoured this truth agreement to the full. We implemented all our central pre-election commitments and at the same time we managed a series of unprecedented crises that would have tested any government.From the migrant invasion in Evros and the pandemic, to the war in Ukraine, to the international "explosion" of poverty, we managed to keep society on its feet and supported the world of work, our farmers.

I was looking, as I was coming, at the statistics of the financial aid we gave to the primary sector here, for Pella, for neighbouring Imathia. More than EUR 300 million was given to your two prefectures, to your two regional units, to support the primary sector. I am including natural disasters.And you know that we are making sure that we disburse money right up to the last minute so that we can support our producers, because we want a healthy, dynamic, outward-looking primary sector.I would like to remind you that last year we set a record for exports in the primary sector, more than 8 billion euros. We can produce competitive products and give our farmers and livestock farmers the prices they deserve, so that they too can look forward to a better future. It is a commitment that this policy will continue, ladies and gentlemen, in the next four years.

So we have achieved a lot in four years, as I said, in the midst of unprecedented difficulties. We have not only shielded the economy and society, but we have also kept the country safe, and I attach great importance to this, because the coming elections are not only elections for the economy, for health, for education. They are also elections to ensure that Greece continues to be a strong power in our region. These elections are of interest to all those who want Greece to guard its borders and not to be a "closed vineyard".These elections are of interest to all those who want us to continue to support the Greek Armed Forces and to safeguard our national sovereignty and our national independence.

And of course, these elections are for all those who want this recovery of the Greek economy to be able to continue, so that we can continue to support the disposable income of all Greek citizens and so that we can, first and foremost, stand close to our weaker fellow citizens, those who need us most, as we have done throughout these four years.

We did it in the difficult era of the coronavirus, when we supported businesses and workers. And if today the shops here in Krya Vrysi are open and looking forward to a better future, it is precisely because we supported all businesses and all workers when we were forced to shut down for health reasons.

So this path of recovery must continue. My goal is really to become Europe in everything. To become Europe in terms of both incomes and wages, so that we can finally come closer to our large European family. With an economy that is growing rapidly. With wages that will be in line with Europe, with a minimum wage that will reach EUR 950 at the end of the four years, with an average wage of EUR 1 500 and with the continuation of a tax reduction policy that has produced such impressive results. We have relieved you of a total of EUR 7 billion in taxes.

This policy of tax cuts will continue. We will increase the tax-free allowance by EUR 1,000 for each child, we will reduce the presumption of income by 30% and, yes, we will abolish the tax on business income within four years, the last tax left over from the memorandum, a remnant of an era that we all want to forget.

But we will also support the National Health System. You know that in the time of the pandemic, our health workers kept society on its feet. They gave everything to deal with a crisis the likes of which we have never seen in the last 100 years.And here in Pella you know that your hospitals, your health centres have been strengthened. But we must do more. I am not satisfied with what we have done.We will recruit 10,000 nurses and doctors and we will staff all our hospitals and health centres with the staff they need. We will direct resources from the Recovery Fund to rebuild 156 health centres, to fix the emergency departments in 80 hospitals; every health structure - hold that - will remain as it is and will be strengthened. And it will have its own special character, so that citizens can seek quality care close to where they live and not have to go all the way to Thessaloniki or all the way to Athens for relatively simple medical procedures.

But I want to say one more word, friends, about the big dilemmas of the elections as they are shaping up, four days before the elections.I'm here in Krya Vrysi, but some people have got a cold sweat watching New Democracy heading towards a big victory here. And in their desperation and despair they resort to a new scenario every day.And what we have not heard. "Government of losers", "government of tolerance", now we have heard "special purpose government" for a few months, he says, which will clear up the wiretapping issues.I've been in politics and I've been following elections since 1981, since I was 13 years old. Never before have I seen, four days before an election, where there is only one proposal for governance and on the other hand there is total chaos.

We know what we want: a self-reliant New Democracy, a self-reliant Greece. What do the others want? What exactly are they asking for? For the country to sink into instability? In chaos? In an incongruous coexistence with no beginning, no middle and no end? For a few months, he says, a government that will do nothing but investigate the issue of wiretapping? Is this serious?Look, I understand their desperation. I think that they are also moving in the same society and they see the current that New Democracy has. But they do not have the right to play the fate of the country at dice again. They did it once in 2015. We were spared, thanks to New Democracy, from certain disaster.

We will not allow them to do it again. And there is one way: to deactivate, all of us together, the bomb of the simple proportional representation, in order to close every crack in any plan for a possible government of losers.This way is none other than for New Democracy to be powerful on Sunday night. With such a percentage that no one will be able to question the next day that we must take on this heavy responsibility of governing the country. To continue the work that we have done, to accelerate our pace, to take the country higher and to move more boldly, more steadily, forward. And that will ultimately be the dilemma of the elections in the last four days.

I want to ask from here, from Pella, from Central Macedonia, from Krya Vrysi, to confront the last-minute complacency. Up to the very last hour we must fight for every vote that we can potentially win. All of you may know some of our fellow citizens, in our workplaces to our families and friends, who may not yet have decided what to vote for.

I would like you to talk to them frankly and ask them some questions: has this government been consistent in what it told you in 2019? It told you it would cut taxes, it cut taxes. He told you he would cut taxes, he cut taxes. He told you he would guard the border, guard the border. He told you that Greece's position in Europe would be strengthened. And I went to Europe, I negotiated for five days and I brought 31 billion to the Recovery Fund and much increased resources, Mr. Regional Governor, dear Apostole (Tzitzikosta), for the new MIP 2021-2027. So we were consistent in what we said.

Ask them: has this government kept the country's steering wheel stable in the midst of major crises? The answer is, yes.Does this government have a plan for the next day, for a Greece that is stronger, more productive, more just? We have a plan. Only we have a plan. And a costed plan.

We are still "pleading" with our opponents all the time and we keep telling them that if what you are telling us is so nice and feasible, why don't you send it to the General Accounting Office, to the Bank of Greece, to the Fiscal Council, to Parliament? We have many independent organisations that can very easily cost a programme. "Radio silence", because they know very well that the moment they do so, the extent of their lies and hypocrisy will be revealed.

Ladies and friends, today, if we want a country that will be stable, that will be able to stand on its own two feet, that will be able to face, possibly again, a provocative Turkey - you see what is happening in Turkey, I hope things will get better, but we must be ready for any eventuality - there is only one ballot paper that can ensure this: it is the ballot paper of the New Democracy.

The ballot box next Sunday must be full of New Democracy ballots. And I am sure that here in Pella, too, our fellow citizens will appreciate that this government did the best it could in difficult circumstances. And it really supported society.

Were we infallible? No. I was the first to acknowledge any mistakes that were made and pledged to correct them. But I didn't hide. I always took my responsibility with courage. Because that is what you expect from the Prime Minister of the country. Not to not make mistakes, but to have the courage to acknowledge them and correct them.

So I want us all to make a bet together, friends, and I believe that it is a bet that we can win, especially here in Pella: to have a higher percentage on Sunday night here in Pella than we had in 2019. Together, we will win this bet, so that I can come back to your part of the world to celebrate a great victory, with New Democracy at the forefront, for the Greece we deserve. Steadfast, bold and always ahead; be well. Thank you very much for this fine welcome. Good strength and good fight until the last moment. Be well, thank you.