Just as I know that alongside successes there have always been gaps and mistakes and weaknesses. But I understand the responsibility of the leader as an obligation to assume this responsibility.  Whenever mistakes were made, I stood before you. I said to you "I take responsibility and I am here to correct them". I did not hide them under the carpet, nor did I make a fuss in front of the cameras to shrug off any responsibility. The economy, for example. Sure there were tax cuts, there were tax increases, but I know that wages remain low and inflation is still gnawing away at income. The National Health System has withstood the pandemic. Today is World Nurses Day. A big thank you to all NHS workers who gave their all to keep society upright and healthy during the pandemic years. We have made strides, but there are still shortages here in your hospital and health centres. We still have delays in operations, in appointments. The same is happening in the state. Gov.gr has been a tremendous achievement, you know that better than I do. All Greek citizens today save time and money without having to wait in queues. The EFKA now gives out pensions in two months where it used to take two and three years. But I have no illusions. I know that the deep state is lurking. There are still attitudes of 'pampering' and indifference. They've hurt us too much, they have to change. The same in education. We've already made 25,000 permanent appointments, 4,000 more are coming this year, and soon all our schools will be teaching with interactive whiteboards. This is huge progress in the way we teach our children. But the steps that have been taken must continue, must be accelerated even further. Because the needs on these two social fronts, education and health, never stop. Whatever shortcomings have been identified must become the priorities of our second four-year term. Old experiences should be combined with new expectations, so that the new programme we have presented for a productive, social, just, digital, green and strong Greece can become a reality.