Good morning. Thank you for this warm welcome. Today, here in Evpali, in Dorida, it is a sunny day. As sunny as May 21 will be for our party and for our country.I am very impressed by your presence here today.It gives me strength to continue this struggle with you, to keep the country firmly on the path of progress, development, progress and national self-confidence.Now, look here, I am accompanied by so many ladies and I want to remind the ladies we have here, the women we have with us, that for the first time yesterday we announced a State Electoral List with eight women and seven men. Three women in elected positions.

Friends, I have started this march in this election period and my intention is to tour every corner of our country. You see, we are not letting a day go by; some others are having leisurely three days, we are going from village to village, from town to town, to carry the message of victory. But above all to talk about the future of our country and about what the great stakes of the May 21 elections are.Because we say every time, in every election, that every election is crucial. But I would say that this election has a special significance, a special criticality. For the simple reason that four years together, united, state and society, we have achieved and accomplished a great deal.

We have overcome unprecedented crises, we have kept society on its feet, we have kept Greece on its feet, we have put the economy on a growth track and at the same time, despite the great difficulties, we have also implemented all our central pre-election commitments, and I am extremely proud of that.In 2019, I looked you in the eye and asked you to sign a truth agreement. I pledged to you that I would reduce taxes and contributions, that I would support growth, that I would create jobs, that I would support the primary sector, that I would turn Greece into a major construction site, that I would protect the borders of the country, that I would support the Armed Forces.And I ask you if there is a single one of these pledges that we have not put into practice. We have fully implemented our 2019 election programme. And at the same time we managed a series of unprecedented crises.

When the Greek people put their trust in me, in July 2019, I could not have imagined how many difficulties we would have to face. From the refugee invasion of Evros in March 2020, to the pandemic crisis, from a neighbour who was constantly causing problems in the Aegean and the Eastern Mediterranean, to now, the imported crisis of insecurity as a result of Russia's war of invasion in Ukraine. If we had not spent more than EUR 50 billion to keep society and the economy on its feet during the coronavirus, we would be in a much more difficult situation today.

We were able at the same time, and in the face of imported precision, to support electricity bills. I remember 18 months ago, our big concern was what to do about the electricity bills, which were going up all the time, but we came in and taxed the big power companies and we were able to subsidise all the household bills, the small businesses, to keep electricity prices down.

But we have done all this, friends, while keeping the country on a growth track. Because if our economy is not growing fast, we are not going to achieve real convergence with Europe. We will not improve incomes, we will not have money left over for social policy, nor for supporting local government.

And the Mayor and all the Mayors in the country are well aware that never in the last forty years have there been more resources available, either for the Region or for Local Government, to do major infrastructure projects. From the biological treatment plants that are so important here in your region and of course for Lake Mornos, to the planning of major infrastructure projects that will bring every corner of our country out of isolation. That is my goal. The young people-I see that you have a lot of youth here in your villages and that makes me very happy. If the youth are to be able to stay in their villages and in their homeland, they need first and foremost good education and then good jobs. I ask you today if there is another party in the country that has a clear plan on how we can take Greece forward.

Three days ago, I presented our plan for Greece 2027 in an event that lasted an hour and a half - it's worth watching - and it's a plan that is well thought out, it's costed, it emphasises all the areas where our country has comparative advantages. It is a plan that has secured funding and, above all, it is a realistic plan. The last thing I am going to do, friends, is to look you in the eye and tell you things that I know cannot be done.  I am invested in political credibility. I'm not going to back away from the truth deal that we have signed.

What we commit to we know we can deliver. How to raise wages more. We know which taxes we want to cut, we know how we can support the primary sector. And since you are talking to me about the primary sector, because I am in a region that is primarily agricultural and we are talking about our relations with Europe, you know, I would like to remind you that I am the one who managed to negotiate a rural development programme for the country, without any loss for our farmers and livestock farmers. A new NSRF for the region as a whole. It was just over 190 million in your Region's NSRF and through our own negotiations we took it to 426 million euros. These are projects for everyone. It is at the discretion of the Regional Governor and the Region how to allocate them.

And of course the enormous importance I attach to the Recovery Fund. 31 billion in total for our country. You will say to me, do you see this money? When the young children go to school next year, from the fifth grade onwards, there will be an interactive whiteboard in every Greek classroom. This is Recovery Fund money, this is money for the education of the next day, for how we can make our learning more meaningful, more creative. This is how European money ultimately reaches its final recipients.

So today, friends, New Democracy has a plan for the Greece of the next day. We have credibility, because what we told you during the election we did. And we have the experience of a tried and tested government. Four years we have been through a lot, as I said.  We have kept the country standing. Greece today is stronger. And a more confident country.

And what exactly do we have in front of us? We have a party and a leader who, in his eagerness to sound pleasant to the citizens, took his election programme which he had announced and which cost 45 billion and added another thirty billion or so, to tell us that he was going to do what exactly? Is he going to blow the house down?  Is he going to lead the country into new memoranda again? Who can really believe today that the Greek economy can withstand a 70 billion programme? Because that's what all the things that Mr Tsipras is telling you cost. "Ares - mares pine cones", I reply. I am not concerned, friends, with what the opposition says.  But elections are a comparison.  Two parties are currently contesting the election. And two are the prime ministerial candidates. Either Mitsotakis and New Democracy or Tsipras and Syriza. We know very well what the citizens, especially the citizens of Doris, will respond to the elections on May 21. They will enable us to continue our work and to work methodically and systematically for the well-being of you and all of us.

For a homeland that is truly strong. A country that can move forward with confidence and with certainty.I would like to ask you and I would like to ask especially our party executives, throughout this election period, to respond to the demands of the democratic process with confidence and with decency. Why do I insist on decorum? I do not want us to be accused in any way of sinking the political debate into toxicity and division. We have no reason to do so; we have work that we want to promote, but above all we have a plan for the next day that we want to talk about. We can talk about the present and the future of our country. Because we know very well where we want to take Greece.

Some others cannot talk about the past because they recall the days of 2015 and the quests they had with Varoufakis that led the country to the brink of the abyss. And they cannot talk about the future because they simply do not understand how Greece can move forward in a world that is changing so quickly.

So let's talk about the substance of things and what we want to do and how we can really move the country forward. And I have no doubt that in the crucial ballot box on May 21, we will be the big winners.

And we will be the winners to close every crack, every door, every window to possible "political monstrosities" that can arise from coalition governments without the first party.I will say it again here. I hear Mr. Tsipras saying that: "I am not interested in making a government of losers". I do not believe a single word he says. If the beans were to come out, SYRIZA, PASOK, the MP25 of Mr Varoufakis and Demeter could well be in coalition, with the tolerance of the KKE. There is only one way this scenario will never become reality: if New Democracy is too strong in the May 21 elections. Because we will be strong, this scenario will be ruled out in practice.

So I want to - just a moment because I am listening to the lady here who is very active and she is telling me something which is interesting and to which I want to respond. Because the purpose here is to have some interactive discussions.She says to me: "Reduce VAT". So watch out. VAT can be reduced at some point, but only when we are sure that it does not blow up fiscal stability. Also know - and listen to this, because I have discussed this with many of my counterparts in the European Union - many countries that have tried to reduce VAT to keep prices down - it was done in Spain - have found that it had no effect on inflation because the money simply stayed with the producers and the production chain itself.It is not at all a given that reducing VAT has an effect on final prices. That is why we did not opt for it. And instead, we chose to support citizens, with a series of tools - you know them and I think you know them - and at the same time we chose to intensify controls on the market to avoid any kind of obscenity.

Today inflation, it's a real problem - we know very well that the biggest problem we have in the country is the cost of living - it's lower than the European Union average and I honestly believe that the worst of inflation is behind us.What are we doing? We are supporting disposable income. How do you support disposable income? By increasing wages. We have increased the minimum wage by 20%, friends, 20%. We took it to 650€, we took it to 780€. And it may be closer to 1,000€ at the end of the four years. It could be closer to 1,000 euros at the end of four years.

And, of course, let's not forget. We reduced taxes for every Greek woman and every Greek man. I told you that we would reduce ENFIA by 30%, we reduced it by 35%. I told you an introductory tax rate of 9%, we went to 9%. I told you about farmers - because I attach great importance to this - that I would reduce the tax on cooperatives by 50%. Because we want our farmers to cooperate. We have returned the excise duty to the farmers.

In other words, we did everything we could and everything we could bear to support society. That is what we will continue to do. We will not make fun of you. We will tell the truth. Greece will be on a growth path. And here in Dorida, you will send your own message that we will be the big winners in the elections on 21 May. Be well. Thank you very much. Goodbye. And give me the opportunity to be Prime Minister again. I'm the first sitting Prime Minister to visit your municipality. May I be Prime Minister again in the next four years, so we can come back here and talk again. Thank you very much. Good luck.