Friends, From here, from the blood-soaked shooting range of Kaisariani, where 79 years ago, on May Day 1944, 200 communists fled with their heads held high, their eyes proudly fixed on the barrels of their Nazi executioners, we commemorate this year's Labour Day. And we pledge that we will continue on their path, that we will never betray their sacrifice, so that better days will finally dawn for our country and our people that they too craved. The river of blood that watered the wall of Caesarian that day, the human corpse that roasted "just one manly stature" after each Nazi rifle shot, was another heroic act of resistance by the exploited against their exploiters.

A battle between two worlds separated by an abyss. A battle between real progress and regression. It is through such heroic moments that the concept of progress has been imprinted in the collective memory and consciousness of our people, that is to say, the concept of an unswerving and unyielding struggle, even against the most difficult correlation of forces, but which always proves that the impossible can become possible and can win! This is the progress that our people know, the open-minded, progressive, left-wing people who live in Kaisariani, Kokkinia, Peristeri, in every popular neighbourhood of Attica and all of Greece.

That is why they are angry when they hear some people dirty the word "progress", putting it together with the EU of Supermodernism, together with concepts like "reforms", "growth", "investment", "profitability", all but all identified with the exploitation and the squeezing of the workers, of the people.

Yes, honest people are outraged when even today, some adventurers, supposedly progressive, dare to put the flag of the struggle, of EAM, ELAS, EPON, next to the bloodstained flag of the USA and NATO. This is what we say again from here in Caesarea: No one is allowed to marry the values, concepts, symbols and flags for which so many fighters sacrificed. We are not just holding a few carnations in front of the cameras. Along with them, we hold above all the flags of struggle, of struggle. We hold these flags high and continue.

May 1, 1944 was a day overflowing with red blood, but also overflowing with courage and pride. One by one, 200 communist resistance fighters left proudly, without bending, without asking for a pardon. Even those who were presented with the opportunity to spare themselves, like the hero of the KKE Napoleon Sukatzidis, refused, so that no one else would be in their place. These were always the communists. They are the same today, in different physical conditions, where we have to face different types of dilemmas, blackmail and threats.

However, the aim is the same: to renounce our values, our ideology, the world of toil that we express. To find the people, their movement, weak, unable to stand up, unable to stand up and walk on the road of subversion with the KKE. And because they have got it bad with us, they have the audacity to tell us that we have settled down in the comfort of the opposition. Who are they telling this to? To communists and other militants who face dismissal, terror, courts for their actions? Who have given up privileges and every opportunity for individual cattle to stay by the side of the struggling people?

Who dares to lift a finger at the JCE? The ones who fight amongst themselves over who has the biggest villas and who got the most kickbacks? Who with all their policies serve big economic interests, while the Greek people are suffering?

Compa単eras and comrades, Friends and friends, With today's event and especially with the daily and tireless action of thousands of members of the KKE and the KNE, we are strengthening the thread that unites us with those who sacrificed for a world without exploitation of man by man, for socialism - communism. The dead workers of Chicago in 1876, the apology of Spice, the attitude and the shocking last notes of the 200 communists before their execution in Caesarian, the dead men and women workers at Fourmee in Northern France on May Day 1891 are among the many historical lessons that inspire us, mobilise us, to face with the same vigour, with the same pride, the onslaught of the authoritarian state, of the unaccountable employer. To hold high the flag of the interests of the working class against its exploiters, against the imperialists who are bloodying the planet. It is a guide of inspiration for the working people to bring to the fore the satisfaction of their modern needs, to fight for the wealth produced and stolen by a handful of parasites.

Recently, workers, youth and the popular strata have been experiencing in the most tragic way the attack of governments and business groups on their lives and workers' rights.

The crime of Tempe, which shook the whole country last month, is followed in recent days by new employer crimes in workplaces, in EVGA, in the Syros shipyards, in Chalkida, in Argolida, in Tripoli, leaving behind dead and injured. These are the other Temples of our everyday life, which do not find publicity, which do not lend themselves to the usual bipartisan bickering, which have no station masters, but only bosses.

Now, more than ever, is the time for working people and youth to draw conclusions about the policies of governments and parties that drink water in the name of capitalist development, i.e. capitalist profit. Of the one-way streets that lead to new suffering for our people in the immediate future, in order to achieve the various unpopular goals of capital. It is these one-way streets, these choices that: They leave the health of the people unprotected. They leave workers exposed to occupational risks,

They squeeze people's incomes and turn demands for substantial wage increases into benefits, passes and vouchers. It is these choices that are destroying our ability to decently meet our modern needs.

The magnificent mobilisations and strikes of March, with the basic demand that the responsibilities for the crime of Tempi should not be covered up, the thousands of young mouths shouting "PASOK - SYRIZA - New Democracy, this crime has a history", record a dynamic that must not be broken. On the contrary, it must grow stronger, spread out and become an organised current of assertion. And the impetus for this can only be given by a much stronger KKE in the May 21 elections.

We are at a time when people in several countries, in France, Germany, England and not only in Europe, are mobilising, going on nationwide strikes, paralysing large sectors of the economy, factories, transport, energy. They are facing the same problems and fighting the same struggles, whether they have neoliberal or supposedly progressive governments.

Similarly, in our country, the previous years were marked by large strikes in sectors and workplaces, especially in the difficult conditions of the pandemic. The struggles for the protection of the health of the people, together with the struggles for the wage, for collective agreements, for the right to work, brought to the fore the health workers, the workers at LARCO, COSCO, "efood", Petroleum and Fertilizer of Kavala, the construction workers, the miners and other branches and workplaces.

It is once again amply demonstrated that there is no way for capitalism to overcome its contradictions and for everyone, both capital and the working class, to live happily ever after. Unfortunately, the medicine for one problem becomes the poison for another. This is what we are living today, what all peoples have been living for the last few years. Sometimes with the crisis, the wage cuts and layoffs, sometimes with inflation, sometimes with the rise in interest rates that makes the payments on their loans more expensive and brings the new crisis closer.

All these choices were and are made on the basis of the profitability of capital and all of them are a loss for the people. Either with a restrictive - neoliberal policy, which the anti-neoliberal SYRIZA also implemented with great success, or with an expansionist - Keynesian policy, which the New Democracy also implemented with great success. This is how we arrived at a new reduction of the real wage by 7.4% in 2022. And the Prime Minister has the audacity to ask for the support of the workers to bring the average wage in 2027 to where it was in 2011, he says - if it is reached. As we say: Live my May to eat clover... But the way out lies in the KKE's proposal and in the working class's confrontation with the unpopular policies and reactionary laws that slash workers' income and rights. With a strong KKE and mass workers' struggles we can impose the abolition of all the anti-labour laws of the ND, SYRIZA and PASOK on collective agreements and wages.

To impose the reinstatement of the collective bargaining of the National General Collective Agreement as a starting point for raising the minimum wage by adopting the demands of the trade unions for increases above 850 euros and the simultaneous reinstatement of the three-year minimum wage. This practically means that a worker with a three-year contract will see his or her salary increase to 935 euros today and not in 2027 as promised by the ND. This proposal is linked to the other proposals of the KKE for a fixed daily working time, 7 hours, 5 days, 35 hours and no unpaid overtime, with the reintroduction of Sunday-working time. It is linked to the proposal for an inflation-based wage adjustment clause. With the restoration of the 13th and 14th salaries in the public sector, about which the Southwest and Syriza do not say a word, and the granting of all salary scales. With a strong KKE and mass workers' struggles we can impose the restoration of the sectoral Collective Labour Agreements and their compulsory nature without terms and conditions, which is a basic condition for increasing wages in all scales. This is the only pro-people's answer to the lies of the New Democracy, Syriza and PASOK that the average wage will supposedly be increased without repealing the laws that have undermined the Collective Labour Agreements.

Friends, Compa単eras and Compa単eros, On the basis of recent experience, we put the honest question to the workers, the youth, all our people: Can the satisfaction of our modern needs be realized within a system based and operated on the law of voracious profit? It is this law that characterizes as a cost the wages, the insurance of those without whose work no good, no service is produced. It is the same law that considers life and health protection measures to be costs, that broke up 57 families recently in Tempe, that is responsible for the dozens of employer crimes in sectors and workplaces, that wipes out working-class families.

It is on the basis of this law and the objectives that derive from it that all the parties that have governed to date and want to serve this system again from governmental positions formulate their programmes. That is why all of their programs have phrases in big letters such as: "green growth", liberalisation of markets, fiscal balancing, stability of the banking system and much more. And for those who don't know, they hear some of these heavy words and they think they are caressing their ears, that maybe it's a good thing. But for many, it all means new suffering the next day. They mean new 'green' levies, auctions, very expensive electricity and water.

Despite the homeric squabbles over who and how to govern, there is a common approach from the Southwest, Syriza and PASOK on the basic issues that determine what the governor will do. That's why they can get along fine in the GSEE administration, which took a vacation in Kavouri when the workers went on strike on March 8 to share out the chairs in the presidium. Or their forces in municipalities where there is a communist mayor so that he is not re-elected, as they are doing in Patras. But even in municipalities with a militant tradition, where a communist mayor can be re-elected, as they are doing here in Kaisariani, where the factions of the New Democracy, Syriza and PASOK have become one.

There is a similar complicity from the system's reserve parties, the useful willing ones. The disposable parties that play the role of glue in anti-people's governments and as a whole are identified in the general line that is condensed in the following: All for capitalist growth, all for investment, all for the protection of the profits of business groups.

All these people accuse the KKE of having outdated positions. That it has no proposals for today's problems. But is that so? Then what were all those amendments that we tabled in Parliament for the immediate relief of the working people and they were all rejected without discussion? Does the KKE not have a power-government programme? Really, then what is it that they all conjure up, slander and distort at every opportunity?

Let every worker ask himself: Those who shout and fight among themselves over issues that do not touch any worker, how come they do not fight at all over issues that really affect our lives? Like the unacceptable law that bans collective bargaining on the minimum wage and gives the Minister of Labour the authority to issue a decision based solely on the competitiveness of the conglomerates? Quite simply because this law bears the names of the ND Minister, Vroutsis, and the SYRIZA Minister, Achtsioglou. These same governments brought in laws that abolished the Sunday holiday, that extended the working day. The recent amendment by Adonis Georgiades to work until 12 midnight in supposedly tourist areas stepped on SYRIZA laws. "This is a measure to modernize the economy with a developmental logic," the then Minister of Economy and Development of the SYRIZA - ANEL government said in 2017.

Now, you see, they are selling an election fairy tale to the Greek people that from 2015 to 2019 it was the Troika alone that ruled and not Syriza... But then, how can they be proud of what they were legislating? But their audacity knows no bounds...that is, almost 150 years after the uprising of the Chicago workers, who gave their blood to secure the 8-hour work week, to work as many hours as they worked in 1870 and with a mongoose in hand and this is considered "modern"!

But let them also answer a question: If the Troika was going to govern, then why, after his inauguration in January 2015, did Mr. Tsipras come to this sacred place of the Shooting Gallery to lay a wreath and not go directly to the EU offices, the German or American embassy or wherever he felt more comfortable? Have mercy on disrespect, bullying and amoralism!

Compa単eras and comrades, Friends and friends, Today the KKE is looking you in the eye one by one. No matter what they say, no matter what they say, no matter how much blackmail they use, there is now enough experience to put them aside. And as our people say, "they've overstuffed the thing" so that they can fool us with the measures for the next election day, under whichever government is formed, we already know them.

These days, in the face of the false dilemmas they are trying to impose, the real questions must take centre stage: Permanent work with rights or underpaid part-time work? Decent wages that cover our needs or the crumbs of the pass; 7-hour - 5-day - 35-hour or sunshine hours that take us back 2 centuries?

Health protection measures in the workplace, in transport, control mechanisms everywhere or workers who will be fuel for their profits?

Substantial protection of people's housing, a new construction programme under the responsibility of the state for modern, cheap houses or the young people becoming prey to the "crows" of the bankers and big builders?

The answers to the above questions also shed light on our motto. They are alone and we are all of us! And this is confirmed every day! Like the day before yesterday when Georgiades of the Southwest went on a campaign visit to a company under the supervision of the employers, who openly terrorized and blackmailed the workers. The ministers of the New Democracy with the employer who terrorizes and opposite them the KKE MPs who are leading the way to break the employer's terror and to make the workers prioritize their own needs and not the interests of the "bosses". Yes, they are alone: The exploiters, the capitalists, the unions and their parties! And it is all of us, the workers, the working people, the employees, the self-employed professionals, scientists, farmers, young people, women...

And the party, the Kappa Kappa Epsilon, and its youth, the KNE, who are fighting under the banner of the rights of all these people. That is why we call on you to strengthen with your vote that force which is fighting ceaselessly to raise the demandingness, the militancy of the working people. Which reveals what its opponents are planning, which puts itself in front of all workers' - people's struggles.

It is known, even to people who do not agree with us on everything, that behind every struggle, no matter what stone you lift, there will be a communist, a consistent fighter underneath. Such tried and tested militants, presidents and members of the Boards of Directors of workers' unions, federations, workers' centres, also staff the ballot papers of the KKE. These are for us the most famous, the most shining faces, because they are known and recognized by their colleagues. It is touching to hear the statements of people who recognise in the communists who act through their Unions and PAME that power which helps them to face their problem: Whether it's a foreclosure, a power cut, an attempted layoff, or an acute problem in the neighborhood. They report finding new companions and friends in the face of their personal suffering. This struggle shows the possibilities that exist to strengthen the resistance, grounding in real life the slogan "Only the people can save the people", illuminating the path of conflict.

A stronger KKE and in the elections multiplies these resistances, gives other possibilities for the preparation of the overall counter-offensive. So let's put it into practice! From here, from the heroic and unyielding Caesarian we address all those who feel leftist, democrat, progressive, all people of good will. To all those who were outraged to hear Tsipras in Menidi today speaking to the Pontian repatriates and reproducing all the rusty propaganda of the bourgeois staff against the Soviet Union because they understand that progress and anti-communism are not compatible. To all those who do not seek the lost honor of the New Democracy, as Tsipras and other Syriza cadres do, they do not put various designations in front of "right" because they do not exonerate, they do not wash anyone. To all those who, when SYRIZA MPs voted for the anti-people's bills of ND, they were shouting against.

To all those who do not submit their values and ideals to the bargaining of the bourgeois political system about who will implement the unpopular government programme common to all. To all those who, when they hear Tsipras saying in a vulgar, market-oriented way where he will find the MPs he may lack, so that he can become prime minister again, feel only disgust. To all those who, seeing SYRIZA's collusion with ND and PASOK, against the KKE, those who are disgusted by the dirty attacks against the pioneering communists, think it's time to move... politically, consciously and emotionally.

Yes, that's what they have to do, one step forward and they will be next to the KKE. We have a place for everyone and everyone next to us in the struggles. From here, from this great Labour Day celebration, we address all those who have heard their hearts beating loudly...

Back when the communists on the May Day of the pandemic, in 2020, were breaking the bans and sending from small Greece a message of resistance and uplift to the working class of the whole world. Then, in 2021, when the "All-University First Force" was heard in every university in the country!

Then, about a month ago, when the KKE in the Bastille Square in Paris sang the anthem of the "International" with thousands of French workers. And today we have with us, among us, these precious French comrades of the French class unions who are at the forefront of the struggle. Yes, many times our heart, your heart has beaten loudly during these four years and the reason was the attitude, the action, the fighting stubbornness of the JCP.

Now you feel it well that the heart that beats loudly, on the left, can only be JCE! The heart of all can beat loudly on election night, if the KKE is much higher! Come together and let's do it! To strengthen the optimism, the hope that we can pave the way for real progress! Comrades, we continue, we do our best! We are now in the last and most crucial phase of the great political electoral battle that our Party is waging against the bourgeois political system and its parties. A decisive battle for the next day, for the perspective of the people's struggle, for the people's movement itself to emerge with greater potential, with the KKE stronger against any version of anti-people's government. We know well that much will be decided in the coming days by how many more forces are thrown into the battle. That is where our strength lies. This is our task. Now is the time of collective and individual responsibility, of every communist, of every communist, of all friends of the Party. To appeal broadly to every man of the people, to the young people, to women, without any limitation, without any prejudice, without any hesitation, without any fear, regardless of what each and every one of them had voted at other times. There are, this time especially, no limits and barriers in the working - people's world where the KKE is addressing. There are more people everywhere today who are concerned, who listen positively to what our Party says. We use every day, every hour left in these 3 weeks to reach as many people as possible. In neighbourhoods, in workplaces, in schools, in universities, with our election leaflets, the "Rizospastis", the ballot paper. Organize many, many small and large meetings. To discuss the Party's policy, to answer questions, to repel the opponent's attacks, his dirt and to disable his dilemmas. To put in the fight, to show what those who sincerely tell us they want to see a much stronger JCP on 21 May what they must do.

Tonight let us all enjoy the wonderful concert that our favourite artists have prepared for us to get some extra strength. Tomorrow we flood the streets and squares all over the country, commemorate the day of the global working class by going on strike. Demonstrating that our future is not barbarism and exploitation, that to their blackmail and the realism of subjugation, we respond by bringing our own contemporary needs to the fore. Yes, we are putting our own needs and the needs of our children first. Therefore, therefore, strong JKE, strength for the people. Because we know better than anyone that: "It is madness to abandon our dreams. To change the world is neither madness nor utopia. It is Justice!" That is why only the people save the people on the road of subversion, with a much stronger JCP!"