Good evening good evening a rain saves the day we say it's ruined us. It would have been very nice outside, but never mind in a month here we will be back in a second election, they are coming because the 2 big 3 parties are determined to burn the simple proportional representation, which only we really honour by making serious proposals for dialogue and convergence.

Are we going to tell all this? I want to say hello. All of you, all of you. Basically, I want to greet the Volos of the movements, the disobedient, disobedient Volos that does not give up either to the plundering of people or the plundering of nature. Nor to autocracy. Of the mayor. Of the overall political situation, which has brought this place to the brink of serfdom, debt serfdom, debt serfdom, false green transition that gives green transition a bad name, bank serfdom, fund serfdom of all those who unravel a thin thread of plunder that runs through everything from colleges. The clinics, the funds; the garbage burning, the water, the electricity, everything is tied up in this fine thread of plunder and we in the 25 day alliance for rupture are here to cut that thread. It's easy. As long as we do it.

I'd like to before. Expand on them. Because, just as the personal is political, so the local is international and the international is local. I would like to greet. Our candidates, our nominees all of you who really adorned our constituency ballot here. I will start alphabetically so tradition says George Valamoutopoulos, Dimitris Kanellis, Agapi Karamanlis. Katerina Balla is not here, she is in Germany. She sends us her love and the solidarity of Germany. She will be here soon. Charalambos Pephanis. Faye Janetoulakou. And of course Vassilis Psathas our great moment Vassilis. We have a strong constituency in our region, we have people who have bled to prevent looting. Congratulations on your struggles. We are honored that the movements that you are part of.have responded to the call of Day 25 because perhaps the biggest move we have ever made since we entered the House was after the first Day 25 consultative conference to open our arms, our doors, our soul to movements like yours to independent people on the left, in the intelligentsia, in trade unionism, in labour and of course in the popular unity with which we have been reunited after a few years of divergence. These elections are only an intermediate stage towards the creation of a truly great militant left, a party that will claim power to give it to society immediately afterwards through consultative councils of conscripts and elected citizens through the opposite of what other parties are asking for, we are not asking for a mandate from you, we are only asking for a mandate from you. An opportunity to break down the barriers to cut the thin thread of plunder and give power to the neighborhoods, the communities, the movements. We have a great struggle ahead of us. Thank you. Let's say a few more words and then we'll come back to take the pictures and continue.

Allow me. Since we're kind of an amphitheatre, I wouldn't say this if we were in the square, but you'll forgive me now, I saw an amphitheatre and it came to me like this. At one time imperialism, imperialism was a very primitive and simple process; go the conquistador troops, for example in Latin America They were taking the gold to Spain, the ancient Athenians were going to get silver, they brought it, it went to Delos, right? With capitalism it becomes more sophisticated. Luxemburg theory, Lenin theory, simple stuff. When you have in the center the metropolis of capitalism you have productive forces of capitalism. Factories that produce things in such large quantities and so efficiently that the local markets can't assimilate because the wages of the workers so the profits of the capitalists are too high, the wages are too low and you have a system that produces more goods than it can assimilate. So what does it do? It has to find markets. And you have imperialism, they occupy countries to occupy their markets, to find buyers on the periphery, for the goods produced in the metropolis. Classical theory Marxist theory of imperialism, Lenin. This second stage, containment. The first is the primitive, the second capitalist nice.

The next stage is what we have experienced here. In the year 2000 with the creation of the eurozone. I've told the story before. We allowed the other time I like to tell it because it happened to open my eyes. A high-ranking CEO was not a CEO, he was on the board of Deutsche Bank with whom I had good luck, bad luck. You would judge sitting next to a plane in his seat going to America 8 hours some time talking. So we got chatting back then it wasn't 2000 it was 1998 we had already locked ourselves into the Eurozone. We hadn't entered the euro yet the euro hadn't been created yet, but we had locked in the exchange rates. Basically we were in the euro and I said to him, "No, Franz, I said why have you? Such excitement about Greece joining the eurozone. What do you have to gain from us in the eurozone? You tell me, because one thing we leftists say, another thing we tell you. The director, one of the directors of Deutsche Bank. And he says to me: "You are our dream, you are our dream, explain to me why we are our dream, what do we produce that you want from us, thinking a little old imperialistically, we don't even have gold. It wasn't so much the markets sell to us within them was that too. You know what he said to me? It tells me the average Greek. He is the ideal client of Deutsche Bank, why? He owns his house. And he had no debt. You own a house and you don't have a credit card, he doesn't have a mortgage, he doesn't owe anybody, you might not have a lot of money. You may not have a house in the millions, but you have a salary, you have an income, you have a house which is collateral to get loans or what was Deutsche Bank's problem?

Any German banks when you have an economy like Germany, which constantly. It has a trade surplus, meaning it sells more abroad than it buys from abroad, it raises money, the money goes into the banks. The banker's nightmare, you know what it is? Having a lot of deposits and not being able to lend them out. Money stagnating in a bank's drawers is the nightmare on the table. The German didn't want to borrow because he had a good salary, he had saved himself. She says to you, why should I borrow from the banker? But you in Greece want washing machines and refrigerators, you want cars, you want to go on holiday? You remember the mortgages, some of you, and you have collateral. He explained to me that until you entered the euro we were scared, we were afraid to lend you money because you had drachmas. Any drachmas kept slipping in value, so what are we going to give you marks and you give us drachmas that are losing value? We were afraid to lend you. But now that you're going into the markka, do you get it? The way he said it and Schaeuble said it once, he missed it once, he said to me once, can't the Germans have the mark or can't the French have the mark and expect to control their budget? He missed it instead of saying. The euro came out of the mark, didn't it? It's no coincidence that the European Central Bank in Frankfurt is next door to Deutsche Bank. Anyway, I'm closing the parenthesis. I won't bore you too much with this, but to understand where why we are where we are. We are where we are here because? What Franz told me has come true.

I said, "No, you're not telling me it's going to be a scoop loan.Like they used to do, remember in the early 2000s, credit cards would come in the mail that you hadn't applied for and they were activated. You went and shopped. This has never been done in any other country in the world. I don't know of any other country that has done that, giving you a credit card without asking for it. Usually you have to beg to fill out forms, remember what used to happen? That was France's policy. And I say to him you don't tell me when it's okay we're going to get all these loans it's going to create a semblance of growth because when all this money is circulating, that's how everybody feels richer. House prices go up when you give mortgages to people and they can go and they go and knock instead of giving 50,000, they give 80,000 because they've got a 20,000 mortgage loan is that inside everybody feels like it's affordable houses, they say, you know how much your house is going from where you were selling it, 80 tops, now from selling it 200 it's saying oh well I've got 200.000 covets in the house takes and a credit card at the time I have a guarantee from Deutsche Bank, which of course was not the National Bank itself it was Eurobank and so on so I say to him you don't tell me when this bubble bursts and this debt is unbearable and people can pay it. What are you going to do? He was saying they're going to take their houses away. Did you see where we are? This is the third form of imperialism. That neither with the Wehrmacht army or the conquistadors of Spain nor do they come here to find so much purchase, they come here to lend you money; they are the battering ram of debt. And then when it bursts. They come and take your houses.

And now we're coming. To the first memoranda. What were the first memoranda? They weren't in solidarity with Greece, they were in solidarity with Deutsche Bank, because it had gone bankrupt because of stupid, stupid positions it had made in the US market. Let's not get into the process now. And when there was a possibility that the Greek government might not be able to repay its debts to Deutsche Bank and along with the Greek government and individuals. He panicked; the decision makers in Berlin and he says to you. We will give them 110 billion to give to Deutsche Bank. The first memorandum went completely to the French and German banks. It was a bailout, not of Greece, which Papandreou says saved us, but of the French and German banks. That was the first memorandum and the second memorandum saved the Greek bankers, not the banks. And this is the primitive. So the bankers have always done that. They would give money to the bankrupt client to give it back to the client to cover up their bankruptcy for the bankers.

And we are entering the third and poisonous memorandum of 2015 and the even more poisonous one of summer 2018, which Mr Tsipras called the exit from the memorandum. The worst just look to see why it matters; this mnemonic process under Syriza. Because for the first time a form of imperialism is being created that has never existed anywhere in the world. The previous ones I gave you the example, you know? What is happening today is unique; they built the Hercules market. In which they buy and sell the red loans of the world. With the guarantee of the Greek government do you know that we have guaranteed 23 billion minimum profits to the predatory funds? If at this moment the predatory funds do not make 23 billion minimum profit, we will give it to them from where? Let me give you an order of things. An order of magnitude.For education we give 5 muscles. Every year for health we give so five and a half 6 total, we give 11 education and health 23 we will owe the funds to make it to Cayman Islands. So when a river comes in and takes your 100,000 loan away for 3 grand. And he puts his house on the market for 50, he's got three. And he's got 47. Direct foreign investment, Kyriakos Mitsotakis celebrates the 3 that went in he says nothing about the 47 that goes to the Cayman Islands, because this is not only a destruction of the Social Web to throw people out of their homes to close their shops to create unemployment when you close a shop because of a foreclosure. That's not all, not that there's little of that. It's that 70 billion is going to go to Kaman Island from this broken country. That's an imaginative form of capitalism, imperialism. It hasn't existed anywhere else.

And it's systematic, it goes hand in hand with stock market actions. What they did I say and I say it again in the tours we're doing now at this time, but it matters. They talk about neoliberalism for Thatcher they are worse than them. Thatcher, because I was living it at the time. Unfortunately, I got it in the face in a big way. I went to Britain, moved to Britain a year before Thatcher was elected. And I left 10 years, 11 years later. I didn't miss a picket line against her these so to hear them bass, hear some friend of mine from the JPC accusing me of being a Thatcherite.When he says she's worse than Thatcher, I'm not saying it to legitimise Thatcher, but to. Tell you the truth about what they're doing then? How did Thatcher sell the PPP the British PPP? She had made the following deal with the people, because nobody had a problem with it? No British person, not even a Conservative, had a problem with the public power company. It was working fine, but she told them something because she was clever. Thatcher wasn't yesterday's news. Look at that. How much is a kilowatt hour today under the public system we have? 100. I'm just randomly making up this number we're talking about. Let's say it's 100. Well. Proposal we privatize we break the public power company into pieces we privatize we bring in other players to. Establish to build to build power plants. We make a market. So a market and a stock exchange if you want to have actions. And we put. What is the price today 100 100 is the maximum cap If it says this market manages to bring the price down below what it is today, do you have a problem? Do you want to pay more? We don't have it. I'll give you money. How? Privatisation, you know what Thatcher did? The money the state took. Selling off the companies in a big way. She gave it back. How? Gave you the right to buy shares yourself? That's not what happened here. From Mitsotakis SA Who took a block of shares of the PPC board and gave them to a fund from London called CVC. Whole take what they said what they said no. No one can get more than 1000 € shares. People's capitalism he called it, so what did he do? He organised so it wasn't a difficult job he was selling shares that were worth 2000 that calculated on the market, he sold 2000 of them he sold for 1000. And every small businessman. He borrowed 1000 € in the bank he took 1000 € shares and the next day he sold them and 2000. Of course that doesn't mean that within a week the big predators had taken all the shares, but he had also distributed money to the people and it came out and came out again and he had the price cap where it was. What were they doing? They gave it to their friends in a company in CVC which, by the way, is the employer of Mr. Mitsotakis' daughter. That's why we're talking about Mitsotakis SA. We say such things and then we never go on TV, they take out the executioner and portray her as the belzebub.

And they have the energy exchange without a cap. Thatcher wasn't thinking about that. I mean, do you know what that means? It means there's no limit. Now, if somebody is really a liberal, neoliberal liberal, call him whatever you want liberal and in a good sense like that and does he really believe that the market works well when there is competition in it? There are people who do. That and they are sincere and there are markets that work well. Farmers markets work fine, they see when you have 50 tomato growers. And they compete with each other the prices somehow stay at a human level, but when you have an energy exchange with 5 bardinoyannis, mythilinium, dove, Latsis, nice and CVC. This is not a stock exchange guys these are coffee shop sit around and you know what how they decide the price of energy? They say One says I say I say let's give them 200. All of them say Come on, you're too much of a bullshitter put 250 the gentleman says guys nonsense I have to pay for things 430 and the fourth one says guys calm down if we put 300 then they'll die and we won't have water to put in the cow we'll have killed it so we put 250 and they figure it out that's how the energy exchange works. How do you think it works scientifically under market conditions?When you have 5 people you have a cartel, you don't have a market it's over.This was legislated by my former colleague, my former partner, George Stathakis, who used to come out and make whole speeches and give whole speeches. That electricity would become cheap for the people with the energy exchange. Did we see what happened now? We have seen it. And don't tell me that the cost of production has gone up, because then why is it that every six-month quarter, Mytilineus comes out and every six-month quarter he cheers that he's increased his profits 100 110%. If they increased. Costs x. Prices increased. Χ. Plus 113% that's why you had a profit Mr. Mytiline for that and why can you do that? Because there's enough energy money to go around.

2 looting mechanisms, red loans, stock market energy go to the third banks and super fund, combination. The Super Fund. Please spread this around, check the first one already, lest I am not telling you the truth. The super fund we have in Greece does not exist anywhere else in the world. For the demitra I am told, Mr Varoufakis, that the demitra has been implemented nowhere at the moment. It is an innovative idea for a country that needs it more than any other. But don't they have a problem with innovation? It is not their problem. But if it hasn't been done here or anywhere else, why should it be done here? They don't tell you that, because the Hyperfund was only made here. With the superfund they don't have an innovation problem. What is a superfund? Have you understood anything? We created a superfund, that's what they call it, in which we put all the public property that was left, that is, that was not sold off, into the superfund and into the superfund. But come on it's not public on paper it's public. Do you know that? Do the lenders control who the president is? And another board member and the President and that board member that the lenders put in have a veto. In other words, the lenders have the power, so we're the only country on the planet. Act please somebody. Let me be proven wrong, we are the only country on the planet where public property is officially controlled by foreign powers by an act of the Greek Parliament passed by Syriza. Understand what avant-garde Tsipras gave Mitsotakis when the Left has passed all this. The right is rejoicing, laughing; when all this was done with a left-wing progressive bias that speaks of progressive governance.

Now why is that a problem? Here in Volos you have a particular sensitivity and. I welcome this one about water. You've heard that, I suppose. The Council of State. In a rare heroic moment. It backed the decision not to privatize water against the advice of the Mitsotaki government. And not only that, it also turned against SYRIZA. He ruled correctly that the SYRIZA government had no right to the shares of EYDAP and EYDATH, i.e. the Athens and Thessaloniki water supply and sewerage company. The shares of these 2 large water and sewerage companies were to be placed in the Yperta Fund. And the Council of State is demanding that they leave the State Treasury, that they go back to the State, back to the Ministry of Finance. So once, twice, three times this decision of the Council of State was taken. Mitsotakis writes it in the oldest of shoes. Finally the Council of State with a procedure. Control of the implementation of its decisions basically gave a mandate to the government. Fortunately to take the shares out of the Super Fund has not yet been done. They have committed to do it, what should I do? Once they will do something the law said they would do. They are slow because they are slow; they themselves tell us why it says. The lenders; listen to them telling us, we are not, it says that in memoranda and there is no troika. The lenders are in trouble. He says you will take away our shares in EVDAP and EVDATH from our State Treasury. We rely on them, what will you give us and are looking to see friends and friends? Companions, comrades, comrades say so themselves. Read the shipping trade they are looking for equivalents remember the equivalents what to put of public property that is not has already all been put in the superfund, they are looking for things, to put in the superfund. As equivalents to compensate the creditors for the shares of EVDAP and EVDATH leaving. Not even the Wehrmacht did that in the heart of the occupation. Do you understand this? That is what we say and we never go on the air again. And we are vilified, but we embrace and love their hatred. Why did they link the Super Fund to the banks? Shall I tell you why?

And I'll come to the hangman now. As we speak, if you're a small businessman, there's no chance of getting a loan. For your business, none. If you're an oligarch, that is following the banks, a simple slow start, we don't give money to anybody who needed it. This is the bankers' principle of only giving more to those who have it. So, in other words, there is no investment flow of investment money that can help the development of even rudimentary growth of small and medium enterprises. At the same time. You have banks whose shares you see going up, despite the fact that they are bankrupt how can our banks be bankrupt, as I say, and their shares go up I tell you; why? The big black holes in their books, which are real, are covered by the European Central Bank with the troika telling them, don't worry here we are. But at the same time when you have 1000 € in the bank. What interest rate gives you 0.04. If you borrow 1,000 euros, what interest rate does it give you, 8. That's called usury. We used to call it that, so they used to write Dostoevsky novels about this usury. That's our banking system. When I said in an article, we have to blow up the banking system. That's what I meant by this system of plunder. It has to be blown up. Varoufakis will take your deposits, who will take your deposits? 7 out of 10 Greeks have no deposits because the troika took them away, austerity took them away, suddenly they are being seized every day, they are seizing unseized accounts.

The AADE is another dream of the memoranda, you know, the AADE, the tax office, the independent public revenue authority is very dependent on them, it belongs to the Troika like the Hyperfund. You know of no other country where the tax authorities are owned by foreign powers.I will say it once again, this was not true even under German occupation. Yes, they went into the Central Bank and they passed. That's how the Wehrmacht generals got loans, but let them get the idea of taking over the tax offices. They didn't think of that, they weren't that advanced, they're going to get hit now, that is, if they exist and they see us from somewhere, that is, Hitler himself will say what an idiot I was for sending Wehrmacht. We were getting killed and the others sent the troika and got out of trouble. With a real occupation in perpetuity with an entire political system of Greeks defending it.

Did you see them yesterday? How sullenly they supported the Memorandum regime as reasonable. And. As the only alternative you saw in the debate. Do you dare tell them any of what I'm telling you what they are? What are they? Why is it the political staff? Of the oligarchy. It's no coincidence that.Michael Kritharides, yesterday let's say he got a phone call just before moving to go to the Mega studio. From Mega we do not want you, do not come, dropped marinakis order never to appear man of day 25 alliance for the break. Because because we told the truth about him, about Alafuso, that on the one hand they have their channels of disaster with which they infect anyone to talk about a peace process in Ukraine, despite the fact that we have been the first to condemn Putin, but we say this war can not have winners. Let us have a peace process, we are slandered by the Marinakis, Alafoussos and other channels as Poutine. While the tankers of Alafouzos and Vardinoyannis and Marinakis are carrying Putin's oil. And they are suing Kleon. And we're not being played on their channels, look at them, this is a matter of democracy. So there is an electoral law that forces them to take us out. The law is Marinakis is Alafuso. It's Vardinoyannis and Mytilineos. That is what we have come to. So the plundering of people and nature is a given.

What do we say?Let me answer. Let me answer. To this rhetorical question, with a reference to something Alexis Tsipras said in the debate, at some point? At some point he threw out a line that what is needed for the left, you heard it, is unity. We agree. But unity to do what? The answer. It's clear; it's to do nothing. Because what we have been saying for two years now is that we have been calling all the progressive parties that call themselves progressive. Come to talk, come to have a discussion without necessarily meeting, to discuss. What do you say about the red loans? Do you? To not have them to put a brake on the auctions promised, he says he will cancel the auctions. For how long? The funds that come in and buy up the red loans. So they have guarantees 23 billion from us if they are banned in the auctions they won't get out, so we're going, what do we get? We go to Lagarde to borrow 23 billion to give to the funds because we will have stopped the auctions, things are simple. If we were sitting around a table, we'd say to our SYRIZA friends, guys, we can't stop the auctions; unless you want to give 23 billion of the money we don't have in the coffers to go to the Cayman Islands, in which case. Either we abolish Hercules. Along with this 23 billion guarantee we're going to legislate to abolish it? We don't owe you any more because no parliament can. To bind a next Parliament? A basic principle of democracy. And do we protect the main house and the small business or can we not protect them? Should we let them do the auctions to get the 23 billion? Or should we give it to them? The 23 billion, well, that's the discussion we wanted to have and to forge a unity on the basis of a common solution.

And the energy exchange is it possible to stop the oligarchs' subsidies without stopping the abolition of the energy exchange, at least put a cap on it like Thatcher did? We're talking about a single public utility. But even by their logic, the only way to stop obscenity is to put a cap, let's discuss that too. For the Super Fund, what are we saying about the flow of investment capital to small and medium-sized enterprises? Let's abolish the Super Fund and get the. The capital, the public property that the Superfund has in it, should be transferred to the new Development Bank and a new agricultural bank. And this public property should be the capital base of these public banks so that there can be a public banking system to finance, finance small and medium-sized enterprises and finance farmers that we no longer have. We sold it, we gave it away for free to Piraeus Bank, the agricultural bank. That is what we wanted to discuss as far as the demetra is concerned. Yes, you're not telling me; do you think the Greek people have any obligation to give 2 billion a year to the bankers? Haratzi for every time you pay with a debit card that makes an electronic transfer 2 billion we give. The cost of electronic transactions is zero. It's done automatically, no more workers taking numbers from one column and putting them in another. It's automatic. And what do we call a public digital payment system? The countries that have a central bank are already setting this up on their central bank. If you don't have or innovative idea? Ours is old, right? And it has been studied, it has been developed in international conferences, it has been written, there have been articles written positively about this idea in the Financial Times, which is not a Marxist Leninist paper. By the way. Set up this public payment system on Taxis Net, which we all want to join and don't want to pay. Why can't we be able to transfer from our organization of Taxpayer's Tax ID or from me to you from you to the state for free without any fees 2 billion. Why can't this system? The 1000 € that had in the bank?And they do not get interest If you keep them for a year in the account in the AFM, in the Demeter to be able to amortize these 1000 € in one year, 1080 € of taxes, that is to say, the state gives you a one-time rebate of 80 €. Essentially because you lent it 1000 € for a year. And so you have 8% interest. The state wins because it borrows from you without having to go to the sharks of the markets. You win, you win, everybody wins. That's the hangman's system.

And because we don't mince words, what do we say? In case of a banking crisis? Which you know happens to the best families. Look, United States, Credit Swiss is closed, it's no laughing matter. Banks, banks are safe; in the case of a banking crisis you have a payment system that has nothing to do with banks, so it's safe. You've parked your savings and you don't care what happens to the bank that closes and you know, this banking crisis can be spontaneous like it is in the United States, like Credit Swiss. Or it may be deliberate. Because in 2015 Mario Draghi started a banking crisis that was completely artificial to create conditions of suffocation for the Greek people and for our government. Then to say yes to predatory funds, to the energy exchange, to the Hyperfund and all that, because it's bad to have defenses against. Financial terrorism of Frankfurt because that's what Draghi did by closing the banks in 2015, financial terrorism. When you close down a country's ATMs, that's the equivalent of an act of terrorism. Does anyone disagree with that. Did it have anything to do with the actual financial situation of the country? None. I have to say this you will forgive me, but I was the only finance minister. I studied all the memoranda and I didn't sign any of them. I didn't put in a €1 tax a hundred new taxes I didn't cut €1 of pensions I didn't cut €1 of wages this will not be forgiven. How can we do it now? When others were saying yes to all 22 cuts one 30 cut the other 30 cut VAT prepayment tax increases. And so they took the New Republic trolls, they took it, they took the bit from the Demitra that says in the event of a banking crisis or if we want to get our own currency, the Demitra is a great tool to do that. Is that the reason? His reason is to breathe better within the euro. All eurozone countries should have it is the future of digital transactions for countries that don't have their own central banks. But they went to this piece to the Baroufakis again will close banks again playing with people's deposits. It's like accusing a fireman of playing with fire. By the way. And why are we doing this? They are doing us a big favor because we were found, we were given the opportunity and today between us, now let me explain Dimitra. We have done everything in our power for 4 years. To explain the demitra nobody listened to us, so the right wing trolls came up with this, why? To bash Tsipras. To break his narrative that okay, don't listen to Varoufakis now and after the elections if the pips come out we will co-govern this. The Syriza people have not been saying that for so many months for so many years. The right-wing trolls want to break this, to have him disavow us.

We don't mind that, it's an inter-memorial conflict between them, because we will never form a government with them? Why not to abolish the energy exchange not to abolish Hercules not to abolish the Super Fund not to abolish tax prepayments. To keep building to have mining and gas pipelines from Israel under the apron of Turkey to Crete. What Tsipras voted for in the arms of the murderer Netanyahu, the most brutal Prime Minister who has gone from the apartheid state to Israel in the arms of our comrade Alexis with him. Well we would never enter a coalition government like that. Especially when they closed the door to dialogue. The demitra allowed us not to have to say it and say it again because fortunately the right and the far right imposed two things on Tsipras to disavow us and embrace the far right narrative example that I was recording the Eurogroup. As if we didn't do it with Alexis then as if my goal was not one. To keep minutes that were not kept so that we could prove what was being said in there that was completely different from what was being said on the cameras outside. As if together we were not proud of the fact that we were showing the European citizens, the Germans, the Dutch, the French. What was going on in the Eurogroup that the Eurogroup did not keep a record that things were being done in there against the citizens of the whole of Europe in the name of the citizens of Europe, they made him apologise and sign it. A statement of repentance for that fine struggle of those months. We will say no more. We are sad that people with whom we have been together for even 5 minutes. To make this moral and political slide.

One of the great crimes and I'll end with this so I won't bore you so I can stay. We'll be back here and hopefully in the square outside; one of the great crimes. Of this government, especially Mitsotakis S.A. is that they have alienated the Greeks from the idea. Of the green transition. When they come. And they bring you a wind turbine of obsolete fifteen year old second hand technology that we ripped out of a plain in Germany where it worked just fine. Because if you've ever seen the plains of Germany, they're endless endless flat. Geographical areas and they have big big farms that are parallelograms and in every corner they have a huge wind turbine. Platinum flats are 150 meters that spin and order power just fine. It's for the Germans then. But when? These are old. They uproot them, they send them to Lavrion. Anyone who goes to Lavrion will see them. They're spread out there. A whole area in Lavrion is all these second-hand large wind turbines that are also made of fiberglass. They are not recyclable. So what do they do instead of putting it we don't have plains, only the Thessalian plain we have this so. Instead of here they put them on the mountain tops. So you've destroyed the whole mountain. You have destroyed the whole mountain and you have put a huge wind turbine on top of it and you look at it as if it were the statue of Jesus in Rio de Janeiro. So it turns your bokku destroys your environment, it destroys the mountain the paths of the archaeological sites and it belonged to the copilot or the pigeon, who takes all the energy. And what do you take not to say? Nothing nothing nothing the destruction takes you,

so you turn the whole world to the far right.To those who say lignite and dry bread mining, what is this stuff? And most of them are also broken and so I don't know if you've seen some that work, some that work but they're second hand. That's how this green washing machine talks. Biomass with what they're doing here. Which they burn. In the cement plants the garbage is being sold as a green transition. The Greek hears, hears green transition and he's like the Iraqi who is told by someone with an American accent that more democracy is needed in Iraq is hiding underneath. Are you preparing the people who will bomb it? The Iraqi you tell me with an American accent democracy is hiding says wow the US Navy cruise missiles are coming so they hear here green transition and he tells you. Wow, we're screwed. That's a crime. We are the only party that we have said no mining. There you heard me maybe some of you, some of you in the debate say you neither want mining nor do you want onshore wind turbines. Yes I don't want onshore, wind turbines. And I don't want mining. Why? It'll take 15 to 20 years to get the oil out even if he has it. Until then, who lives, who dies? There will be no economic value to oil then. The transition is happening. The wind turbines are working; the electricity, which will be generated from renewable energy sources, will be very, very cheap. But here's what we're doing exactly the wrong things, instead of having every rooftop filled with photovoltaics. Fly over Athens by plane. An infinite expanse of concrete, which is glowing in the sun. Wasted energy from below the apartments They put the air conditioner on full because they burn and burn lignite. Or gas? Instead of having photovoltaics and why don't we have photovoltaics; not wanting to have photovoltaics. He wants to put them himself where on farmland.
We are destroying agricultural land to put photovoltaics there, because the Greek land is free of charge, the farming community is bankrupt, and the European Union pays for the photovoltaics and he gets them from you. With zero marginal cost of production from this photovoltaic, he charges you as if it had been produced from the most expensive liquefied natural gas from Texas. The other guy sees it, do you see it? The PV in the pure and you hate the PV you hate the PV that is the solution? But on the rooftops not in the field and owned by the neighborhoods owned by the apartment buildings, the people living underneath the PV benefit from the PV. Photovoltaics. To produce the photovoltaics in Greece, to join, with Chinese companies, these are the good ones now in photovoltaics, yes to make the transfer. Know-how. There should be factories in the former industrial zones of Volos, Patras, Ptolemaida, Megalopolis, after the de-lignification to produce small aluminium floating wind turbines, which will be guaranteed. If we place them correctly in the Aegean and the Ionian Sea they will produce green hydrogen which is the diesel of the future. Why some say No green energy storage, nonsense green hydrogen will be the main storage in Tesla type accumulators good quality accumulators. These could be part of a new industrial green model. No one is talking no one, not democracy, not PASOK, not SYRIZA. None of them only we are talking about them and will continue to talk about them.

In this election? The stakes are one. The Greek people are asked to either accept. That within this straitjacket. The memoranda with the predatory funds with the stock exchanges, actions with the yes to everything on photovoltaics, in the fields and second hand wind turbines on the mountain tops. Within this framework, literary things can be done. Anyone who believes this, don't vote for MERA 25 Alliance for Rupture . We do not believe that this can be done. We believe that this country is becoming deserted. Both its people and its nature are being plundered so we need a break.That's why we are here. I want to thank you once again, especially to our candidates. We have great struggle or demonization, it is systematic. May I ask you to come one more time? Come the candidates and candidates, why are these people here? Run our race in the last ten days, which is crucial. But this election will not produce a government. They will make it clear to the nation and not to say outside that the MERA 25 alliance for rupture is here to stay and is here to create the conditions, the yeast, for the great party of the militant left. Thank you very much.