We are also addressing popular people, militants, who in the past followed PASOK and at some point abandoned it. We tell them that today's PASOK has not changed in any way since then. It is still the same party that betrayed your hopes, that voted for three memoranda of understanding, that voted twice in coalition with the New Democracy. Besides, up until the day before the elections, it declared itself ready to do it again. It is the party that identified itself with the scandals and fraud that made honest workers and people turn their backs on it. It is the party whose forces have done and continue to do the most damage to the labor movement by means of cunning, by means of goons, by putting the employers themselves in the unions and, above all, by the line of subordination to the aims of capital. PASOK is the leadership of the GSEE, which was sunbathing and discussing investment products in Kavouri, on the day when unions and federations were fighting the battle of the general strike after the crime in Tempe. This is PASOK, and it is not changing! We also appeal to those who have chosen or are thinking of choosing one of the so-called small parties. Be careful: We have seen the play before. The system has a habit of inflating such formations out of thin air to get them to do the job it wants and then withdrawing them. So many have passed through the House, and today no one knows where they are: DIMAR, LAOS, Potami, the Centrist Union, and most recently Mera25. Now they are doing the same with the party of Konstantopoulou, who has a heavy past from the period of deceiving the people in the first half of 2015. Deception which she herself served from her position as Speaker of the Parliament. After all, she is the originator of the phrase that the abolition of the memoranda, which SYRIZA said during the pre-election campaign, was a "figure of speech"! It was not a figure of speech, however, the proposal for a law submitted by the KKE for the abolition of the memoranda and probably Mrs. Zoe still has it locked away in a drawer because she never brought it to the Parliament... And since no one has seen it anywhere, in any struggle, in any of the trials that our people have gone through for 8 years, now the mainstream media are trying to pass it on to us as an alternative, even as an anti-systemic option. Mercy!