Well, this prey is always soaked in the blood of the people, as was tragically demonstrated the other day outside Pylos. And of course, the crime continues when the uprooted people try to enter fortress Europe. Instead of being welcomed, already from the territory of Turkey and other countries, with asylum examination committees, so that they don't have to risk dangerous journeys, as the KKE proposes, sometimes they run into fences as in Evros, sometimes into FRONTEX, sometimes into the Spanish border guards who murder them, sometimes into one of the NATO frigates called by the governments to guard the Aegean. This fence, in fact, is the subject of a dispute between the Southwest and PASOK over who built it. SYRIZA is also close to it, which is annoyed when someone is photographed with the fence, but otherwise, "it's fine", as Mr Tsipras told us in the debate. Other times, he says, "it's not effective"! But of course, it is effective. That is its purpose, to make it increasingly difficult for uprooted people to cross. That is how the smugglers' tariffs go up, that is how dangerous routes are chosen, that is how we get to the many shipwrecks. And for those who finally manage to arrive, the next part of the drama begins, sometimes with Syriza's Moria, sometimes with the closed structures of the Southwest, where the persecuted find that they have left one barbarism to find themselves in another. And finally, those who are not made for cheap labor take the road back, perhaps to try again later on a new journey of death. This is the barbarity of their policy. This is what all Greek governments have served so far. So let's not pretend that the ruling parties, the parties that present the EU and NATO as the 'common common' home of the peoples, know nothing about the crime. Because they cause even more outrage, even at this hour, by talking about the EU values that are supposedly being violated. This is their European Union, these and its values. And that is why they are all accountable for this crime, which must become an additional voting criterion ahead of next Sunday's ballot box.