Good month, good victorious month for our New Democracy party. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for this spectacular participation in our call. To be with you today in my municipality in Kifissia and to see among you many old friends with whom we have been marching since 2004 and have fought many victorious battles together. This battle we will win. I did not expect such a turnout today on May Day, 20 days before the national elections which will decide whether our country will continue on the path of progress, progress and national self-confidence or whether it will turn back to a past that we all want to forget.

Spyro you said something in your introduction 4 years ago we remember that they were asking us to find them slaves and now so many companies are looking for workers and raising wages so they can find them. This is the great success of our policy.Since today is May Day - workers' day - it is perhaps also an opportunity to finally think about who the party is, who the party is, who the government is that fought for the interests of the workers.

Who are the ones who increased the basic wage by 20% and took it to 780 euros. Who are the ones who introduced the digital job card so that all overtime could be recorded.Who are the ones who increased maternity and paternity leave for the first time. For the first time we have paternity leave.Who are they who have strengthened labour market controls

New Democracy is with May Day and Tsipras is with April Fool's Day. Because nothing but lies. He is a month behind.
Our friend tells us that pensions have been given. Mr Tsipras found a pensioner in Chios who did not receive his pension, but he did not tell us that he owed 40,000 to the funds. What the pensioners know is that pensions are now being paid in two months where they took two years to be paid.

Our economy is now an economy that is growing much faster than the eurozone's medium term, it is creating jobs, see here, the commercial centre of Kifissia and more, investments are coming to our country much more than they used to. Despite the difficulties, the country can look to the future again with optimism and self-confidence. And I assure you that none of what we have achieved has been easy. When we signed the truth agreement in 2019, I looked you in the eye and committed to 3 things: I would cut taxes and I cut taxes for all and for everyone. ENVIA, Parent Benefit, Introductory Tax Rate, Employer Contributions.

I told you that I would make the country an attractive country for investment again and yes this government has created 300,000 new jobs. And when we talk about social policy, there is no policy with a bigger footprint than a policy that can lift an unemployed person out of poverty and finally give them the opportunity to get ahead, to work with a decent income. And I told you a third thing, I will make our country safe and proud again. And yes, we have fortified our borders.

Mr Tsipras went to Chios and did not say a word about the refugee issue. Because obviously, if this discussion were opened, people would remind him of all the nice things he said, that the sea has no borders, that everyone can enter our country without any controls. I am proud, friends, that we have implemented a strict but fair immigration policy. The country has borders and must protect them on land and sea.

Others are with cloves. I prefer roses.

So this policy of strengthening the armed forces, of strengthening the credibility of the country, a country that counts again in Europe and in the world, a country whose voice is heard not only when it speaks about our national interests, when it speaks about important European issues. This is a country today that is more on its feet and I am really very impressed.

I was watching - maybe you saw them too - the SYRIZA advertising campaign spots, grey and black everywhere. And I wonder if this is the Greece that Greek citizens are experiencing today. The answer is "no", my friends; the Greece of grey and misery was their Greece that we left behind for good in 2019. Ours is a more optimistic, brighter Greece.

Be careful, it is not a Greece without problems. We were the first to say that we have managed many difficulties and that we must continue to support society. Accuracy is still here and it is eating away at people's income. That is why we rushed in and supported households with a number of tools to be able to alleviate this great difficulty of imported precision.

But there is no doubt that if you ask any objective citizen today - I'm not necessarily referring to citizens who vote for New Democracy - if the country is in a better state today than it was in 19, they will say yes. Greece today is on the right track.

And this path that is being recognised, this path that is now recognised by all, by all, by the foreign houses, by the foreign analysts, is a path that must continue.

We talk a lot about the investment grade. And typically that's the reason we used to take the country to the polls a month before the end of our term of office, I remind you. Remember I told you a long time ago that I would run out the term and we did run out the term It's another commitment that we kept.

But reaching the investment tier is of huge importance not only for the country's finances, for the finances of every household, because it means that our country is finally getting access to other funds and the cost of borrowing will be reduced and all households and all businesses will benefit from that. And one thing is certain, the country will gain an investment grade the day after the new democracy wins a significant, a strong victory in the elections. Because we need stable and effective government today.

A government that will continue this work, which we have already started, a government that will implement a programme that is costed and well thought out. A few days ago I had the opportunity to present my vision for Greece for the next four years in a different way from the usual ones. I had first and foremost the young people in mind.
What will Greece live in in 2027, in 2030 How will we continue on the path of recovery? How - and this is my first priority - young children will be able to find better wages. In 2019 I committed to you and I delivered on my pledge to cut taxes, so now I commit to you that the next four years will be a four-year period of better wages for all and for all. It will be the four years of more investment.

It will be a four-year term in which we will make even more leaps in the digital state.Few of you remember your life, our life before gov.gr. We made a revolution, we revolutionized the way citizens and businesses communicate with the state. The queues we used to know are now a thing of the past, but we still have many steps to take to make the state truly digital and the behaviours of state officials, all behaviours worthy of your expectations in one thing I will not back down: evaluation everywhere and for everyone; and rewarding effort and results. That is what we expect, that is what you expect and that is what we can make happen in the next four years.

The next four years, of course, will be the four years in which we will be much more concerned with a chronic problem of our country, which is none other than the state of the national health system. You know how difficult we all had a hard time, all countries are difficult in their difficult years of the pandemic we supported the national system, the national system put back a big thank you to doctors, nurses, all the staff of the NHS, they made us white-faced despite the chronic and we took steps, changes must be made in the national health system and it is a personal bet of the four years to be able to achieve a number of specific goals, to build all the emergency departments in our hospitals, to rebuild all the health centres, personal doctor, to apply to all and for all and to expand the preventive examinations which are so important so that we can prevent diseases before they knock on our door and we are forced to go to the hospital and the next four years will be the four years in which we will build a new national health system with 10.000 recruitments of nurses and doctors with an emphasis on quality. with evaluation everywhere with the introduction of technology that can greatly help our productivity, a national health care system that we deserve and we deserve.

I don't want to say much more about our programme, because I could go on for a long time and it's May Day today and you want to spend time with your families.

I just want to make the counterpoint between a party that has a costed and well thought-out programme and an opposition party that promises benefits of more than 70 billion without saying anything else concrete, trying to fool the citizens again, as it did in 2015.I answer them here, from the North Sector, from Kifissia, that 2023 is not 2015. The citizens have suffered and learned. They do not want a second time in the disaster. They will give a second mandate to progress. And that message, especially here from the North Sector, we will send it and we will send it in a deafening way. It is a message of democratic vigilance.

And speaking of democratic vigilance, I cannot help but comment on an event that is unacceptable in the extreme. Yesterday, the deadline for the parties to submit memos on the case, which is being heard in the First Chamber of the Supreme Court, on whether the Golden Dawn cutthroats will be able to form combinations and run in the national elections, ended.New Democracy submitted a memo arguing on the merits of the case. PASOK submitted a memorandum. SYRIZA was absent. Absent once again from democratic duty. From the democratic duty to keep out of Parliament those who dress in the guise of a party, when in reality they are a criminal gang.I regret that some people are still turning a blind eye to the extremes and fishing for votes in murky waters.

In any case, as we go into the elections, we will always speak coherently, politically, without complacency, without arrogance, without seeking either aggravation or polarisation.We have things to say about what we have done. We have courageously acknowledged our mistakes and we are committed to correcting them. But above all we have a plan for the Greece of the next day.

We want to oppose politically both the grey and the black of SYRIZA, which describes a Greece that exists only in their own historical imagination. We contrast the Greece of optimism, of smiles, of self-confidence, especially of those young children who want and honour a Greece that is more powerful and that gives them the opportunity to live a life better than the one their parents have created.
So let's go and fight this fight together, I always say, and I now have enough electoral experience. I recognize that elections are not won by us, by the prime ministerial candidate, by the parliamentary candidates, and we have an excellent ticket here in the northern sector. Ultimately they are won by each and every one of you, no vote should be wasted, and I stress that because the May 21 election is the only election to which we have all our focus at this time. There is no second ballot for us, there is only one good one and it is May 21. If we want to close every loophole in so-called progressive coalition governments involving all those who want to replace your Euros with Demetrios, there is only one way to do it, a strong new democracy on the night of 21 May. I am absolutely sure that we will succeed.

Citizens are looking for hard work, they are looking for results, they are looking for politicians who understand that in the complex problems of today's world there are no doubts and they are looking for that model of governance that the new democracy brought to the country, this new democracy, the party of Constantine Karamanlis, which comes from far away, goes far away. The only party has only one party, which has remained powerful since it was founded. Which ultimately does not divide but unites.

In which our fellow citizens, our friends, who did not traditionally belong to the new democracy, can also participate in this great effort, but who are now coming and joining this great common effort, because they understand what the elections are all about. They know very well that the country must keep moving forward, aiming high, will not turn back with your help, support with your help. We will be the big winners. Be well. I wish you a good race. Good strength, good May Day. Be well. Thank you very much for this amazing gathering.
