Young Democrats of Rhodes and the Dodecanese. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for this impressive reception. Fly the flags of victory, fly the flags of our country, fly the flags of the New Democracy. You know, ladies and gentlemen, that your enthusiasm always gives me a special strength, as it comes from a place that is on the frontier, but also from a centre of economic progress. A national shield but also a symbol of progress. That is why his message, the message here in Rhodes, the message of all the Dodecanese, Mr. Regional Governor, Mr. Mayor, in the elections of May 21, will have its own double meaning for the certainty and the perspective that Greece needs today. I know, of course, that the patron saint of the island, Saint Constantine, is celebrated here on 14 November. Am I right? But on the day of Constantine and Helen, Rhodes and the whole country will also celebrate the feast of democracy. A big thank you for our youth, for our ONNEDites. Eight and today they remained until Victory Sunday. That is why we are doing our best, so that not only Rhodes, but all the islands of the Dodecanese, the Cyclades, will be blue, on a blue map of the country.

You remember the great difficulties we overcame together. The hybrid attacks in Evros, the large migratory flows here in the Aegean, in the North Aegean, but also in Kos and Leros. Immediately afterwards, the successive waves of the pandemic. Then the energy boom from international inflation and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Almost daily - you know better than anyone - the aggressive provocations of our neighbours. But the country did not buckle for a moment, the economy endured and society remained united. Together, we have built a huge mound, more than 57 billion, in order to support workers, businesses and jobs. In the southern Aegean alone, more than EUR 1 billion in special-purpose compensation, in repayable advances, were directed, mind you. And targeted aid for all those hit by the crisis. You know very well today that if your tourism is doing so well, it is because we kept the tourism industry alive during the difficult years of the pandemic. But at the same time, we did not lose a moment of commitment to the commitments we made in 2019. I told you then that we would reduce taxes and contributions, that we would bring in investment and many new jobs. That we would boost income by supporting the most vulnerable first. That we would shield our borders, strengthen our national defence and finally, upgrade the country's international standing. This is what I told you when I came to talk to you before the 2019 elections.

So I ask you: did we do all this?  Yes, we did. I heard a friend say "the first one to tell the truth is you". Yes, because politicians must be judged on the consistency of words and deeds. And because you will never hear lies from me. I told you I'd cut taxes, we cut 50 taxes. I told you I would cut ENVIA by 30%, we cut it by 35%. I told you that we would reduce contributions, we reduced them by four percentage points. Import tax rate from 22% to 9%. The solidarity levy is a thing of the past, as is the parental benefit tax, so that every parent can pass on their property to their children free of charge.

Do you know what all this amounts to? Seven billion euros less per year. While public revenues are increasing, as growth is running at twice the European average. We have successive records in exports, in investment, in tourism revenues. You here know this very well because Rhodes, the Dodecanese, have always been leaders in tourism development. And you will be the big beneficiaries of the new tourism boom. You will also benefit from the many new jobs that we will create.  300 thousand in total. The minimum wage to have risen by 20%. From 650 euros to 780 euros. Among us today, many pensioners. I remind you that it was from New Democracy that you got the first increases in 12 years, by 8%. But also those who were wronged by the Katrougalos personal difference were boosted by EUR 200 to 300, and I pledge to continue to support you until the personal difference is finally erased.

And this course, this dynamic, is also reflected in the liberation of the national economy from all supervision. We talk a lot about the investment grade. I will say it again here from Rhodes, Mr. Regional Governor, Mr. Mayor, its recovery is not some neutral objective, it is essentially a passport to cheaper money, to the ability of businesses, the state, households, to borrow at a lower interest rate. It is a national goal, which can be achieved in 2023, but under one condition: that the next day finds the country with a stable transformative government at the helm, the government of New Democracy. Then we will achieve investment grade.

But, since I am here, on the borders of our country, national objectives were also the ones we set in 2019 and now they are a reality, and I am talking about migration and strengthening national defence. Indeed, you know best how in four years a country has been transformed from a "dry vineyard" to a homeland with borders on land, air and sea. Illegal flows have been reduced to almost zero. Lesvos, Chios, Kos, Leros, Samos have breathed a sigh of relief. Before I came to talk to you, I was in Lesvos. Moria no longer exists. The "cellar" of Moria is history, it belongs to the past. We now have humane accommodation structures. And, yes, as much as it may bother some, the fence on the Evros is expanding, guarding the national and European borders.

In the face of an aggressive Turkey, I had a duty, my friends, to shield the Armed Forces and the deterrent power of the country. New Rafale aircraft and upgraded F-16s are often flown here, over Rhodes, over Kastelorizo. You don't see them but you can be sure and confident that they are there to guard us. Soon, here in our seas, three new frigates will be sailing, state-of-the-art, the most modern ships in the Eastern Mediterranean. From 2028 we will integrate into our Armed Forces the most modern aircraft available today, the F-35. And I pledge that the country's arms programs will continue under the next New Democracy government alongside our country's reborn shipbuilding and defense industry. For us, you know it, I will say it again, better than anyone, the defense of the country is the ultimate end in itself. There is no prosperity and economic recovery without freedom, without the defence of national independence and national sovereignty.

As I came to talk to you today, I was thinking about how different Greece 2023 is from Greece 2019. Look, I am not saying that there are no difficulties. Of course there are difficulties. And there is still accuracy and there is still more investment we can attract and there is still this feeling that we need to go one step further. But the image of our country is getting better everywhere. But especially here, in the South Aegean, you have managed to reverse negative trends that exist in the rest of the country. You are the only region that has such a high population growth. Tourism, this great national bet, the great regional bet, this important blood donor of the Rhodes economy, has increased by almost 15% compared to 2019. I predict, judging by how the tourist season has started, that 2023 will be a record year as well. Congratulations to all the protagonists. Because you have made it happen to a large extent, with excellent cooperation between the private sector, employers, employees. You are the ones who are investing. The hoteliers, the entrepreneurs. Investments have been launched here in the South Aegean, in excess of two billion euros. Today, the Minister of State, together with the regional governor, presented the new development plan, 500 projects leading our islands to 2030.

Let me pick out a few. I will make a special mention of the hospital, which I visited today, so that I can unveil the bust of Dimitris Kremastinos and at the same time commit that you will finally have a radiotherapy centre here in Rhodes. Its construction is under way immediately. Immediately. With funds from the Region and the Ministry of Health.New schools in your municipality. Kritinia and Gadoura dams. I just passed by a while ago -remember the visit to the National Theatre- it is being put out to tender immediately. Another of my commitments which is being put into practice.

To add to these and the very important works that are being done throughout the Medieval City. The Ministry of Culture has a very important footprint here in the cultural legacy of Rhodes as a whole, the electrical interconnection of the islands, the waste management plants, with an important initiative of "GR-eco Islands". Very important things are happening in Halki and we are proving that the circular economy, renewable energy sources can ultimately benefit everyone, as the citizens of Halki have suddenly found that they are paying zero or very reduced electricity bills. This is the real benefit of the green transition and we can make it happen. And these are your, your local responses, Mr. Regional Governor, to the big projects that are going on everywhere, because, yes, Greece today has turned into a vast construction site.

Everywhere I go I see projects that are being launched, projects that were stalled. Patras - Pyrgos in the Peloponnese. The BOAK in Crete, this crucial road axis. The other important roads, the E65, I am coming now from Thessaly. But, I want to make a specific reference to the way I understand the dividend of development to be shared by all.

I want to welcome especially here from Rhodes the new collective agreement signed with the hotels of Rhodes, with wages much higher than the national agreement. A contract, I stress, that the Ministry of Labour has declared compulsory, which now means that it is binding on all businesses. I think it is very important that a receptionist, a chambermaid, have a salary that is close to 1,200 euros per month and that is without bonuses. Because, yes, that is how salaries are ultimately increased. As unemployment decreases, as turnover increases, the response of businesses will be better wages for everyone. You can't have growth without boosting workers' incomes. And you here in Rhodes have begun to put that into practice.

I am here with you today, friends, at this very beautiful gathering to share with you a few thoughts for the day ahead. Because, you know, elections are always about the future. Our credibility is judged in practice. You know better than I do how consistent we have been in what we have said to you.

I have mentioned this only to emphasise that the relationship of trust that we have established, the contract of trust that we have signed, is still in place and therefore what I am going to tell you and what we want to do over the next four years, I am absolutely convinced that we can put it into practice.

Just as I know that alongside successes there have always been gaps and mistakes and weaknesses. But I understand the responsibility of the leader as an obligation to assume this responsibility.  Whenever mistakes were made, I stood before you. I said to you "I take responsibility and I am here to correct them". I did not hide them under the carpet, nor did I make a fuss in front of the cameras to shrug off any responsibility. The economy, for example. Sure there were tax cuts, there were tax increases, but I know that wages remain low and inflation is still gnawing away at income. The National Health System has withstood the pandemic. Today is World Nurses Day. A big thank you to all NHS workers who gave their all to keep society upright and healthy during the pandemic years. We have made strides, but there are still shortages here in your hospital and health centres. We still have delays in operations, in appointments. The same is happening in the state. Gov.gr has been a tremendous achievement, you know that better than I do. All Greek citizens today save time and money without having to wait in queues. The EFKA now gives out pensions in two months where it used to take two and three years. But I have no illusions. I know that the deep state is lurking. There are still attitudes of 'pampering' and indifference. They've hurt us too much, they have to change. The same in education. We've already made 25,000 permanent appointments, 4,000 more are coming this year, and soon all our schools will be teaching with interactive whiteboards. This is huge progress in the way we teach our children. But the steps that have been taken must continue, must be accelerated even further. Because the needs on these two social fronts, education and health, never stop. Whatever shortcomings have been identified must become the priorities of our second four-year term. Old experiences should be combined with new expectations, so that the new programme we have presented for a productive, social, just, digital, green and strong Greece can become a reality.

Let me open a parenthesis here, friends. Our programme is fully costed. At the debate I issued a challenge - an invitation to all the political leaders, a challenge that goes without saying: send your programmes either to the General Accounting Office of the State or to the Bank of Greece, so that we can cost them, so that we can see who is finally talking with real numbers and who is giving you kelp for silk ribbons.

We have yet to get an answer from SYRIZA, because we know very well that such a costing will reveal their monstrous lies and the extent of their deception of the Greek people. But I will say it again from Rhodes, 2023 is not 2015. We have seen the work, we do not want to see it again, Greece is looking only forward and does not want to turn back.

Of the objectives of our programme, I single out the one I spoke to you about before as the crowning goal: better incomes, better wages. The minimum wage will reach EUR 950 at the end of the four years, including all the related benefits. The average wage could reach EUR 1 500. We want to support families with children. The tax-free allowance is increased by EUR 1 000 for all families with children, and we increase family allowances in the public sector.

We reduce the presumption of living expenses by 30%. We give an additional 10% discount on ENFIA for all homes that were or will be insured against natural disasters. Because Climate Change is with us and we must anticipate in advance how we will protect our property. And we are phasing out the last memorandum tax, which is the business tax. We're getting that done as well.

But in order to achieve all this, friends, we need to do what is happening here in Rhodes, in the Dodecanese: we need investment, we need high growth - it can exceed 3% on average. Unemployment will soon fall below 10% and private investment can increase by 70% in four years. So can public investment. Already, as I said, the whole of Greece has become a vast construction site. I was told, my dear George (Chatzimarkos), Mr. Regional Governor, by my friend Regional Governor Kostas Agorastos in Thessaly where I was, "once, four years ago," he said, "we were looking for projects. Now we are looking to find the companies that will do the projects that we have put out to tender." This is the best indication of progress we have achieved over the years.

I have already spoken to you about social Greece. Two main priorities: health and education. We cannot have patients suffering in corridors, waiting months for an operation. I am committed to rebuilding all the emergency departments in hospitals. We will rebuild 156 health centres from scratch. But the most important commitment: yes, we will hire 10,000 nurses and doctors to permanently fill the gaps that exist And we will find a way through telemedicine and through increased incentives to be able to staff especially our islands, I know there are difficulties today to find medical personnel who can serve our islanders, especially on the smaller islands.

And one more word, which I always do, because I attach particular importance to screening. Health, you know, is not only taking care of the patient when he or she gets sick, it is also prevention. See the 'Fofi Gennimata' programme. More than 130,000 women have already had preventive mammograms. We went to them, the state went to them. It sent them a message and told them: "you have a free benefit, go to a public or private health centre, get a mammogram". Already 7,000 women have been identified with early breast cancer, with a very, very good chance of getting well. Preventive screening saves lives. A holistic approach to health does not start and end at the hospital; we will give 500 million for such screenings. It is very, very important that this programme continues and is completed with preventive screening for all diseases. We will save many lives in this way.

On education, let me just say that it is my commitment to significantly increase the number of Model and Experimental schools, with teachers who will be better paid. Focusing on vocational education, tourism education. We already have shortages - you know better - in basic tourism professions. We will put the emphasis on tourism education. We will give young people new professional outlets for well-paid jobs. We will build a lot of new student housing. And from our universities - there we will not back down - we will eradicate all the hotbeds of lawlessness. We are with the libraries, not the sledgehammers. We want universities to be centres of education, of excellence, of creative dialogue, and not abbeys to which the various grocers will resort.

We have a lot of young people among us and the first thing the new couples tell me is: "how am I going to get a house? Why should I be doomed or condemned to live in rent or worse, live with my parents until I'm 30?" We've come up with an answer to this problem: for the first time, the My House programme gives young people significant financial incentives to own a home with a subsidised loan with a payment, mind you, much lower than what you would pay for a rental. Twenty-thousand of our young people will be able to own a home immediately with this program. Social consideration will follow. Do you know how much land we have right now, public land, that is essentially undeveloped? Why not give it to the private sector to build apartments? The developer will keep some and we will develop the rest so that we can give cheap houses to our youth. All of this is possible. We can do it.  These are not science fiction plans.

For a fair Greece I will say only two words for the weakest. Because a lady came to me and said, the minimum guaranteed income, our policy, is increasing by 8% and it is still increasing. It is our obligation, you know, from the social dividend, from the wealth we create, to always support the weakest. This is the legacy of the great party founded by Constantine Karamanlis. The social market economy. There is no growth without prosperity and there is no growth that does not at the same time shrink social inequalities.

And of course, people with disabilities, I am particularly sensitive to this because of my mother, Marika Mitsotakis, who was the first to fight for the de-vitalisation of disability and I know that among us there are many friends of Constantine and Marika Mitsotakis. Because my father and my mother had many friends here in Rhodes. And I felt it was my duty to implement one of the flagship programmes, the Personal Assistant, and I thought it was our duty to be the ones to implement it. Do you know what it is for a person with a disability to have a person by their side for 8, 9, 10 hours a day? To be able to accompany them to their work, in their leisure time? To be able to free the family from the care and the need to be there for the disabled person all the time?

These are real social breakthroughs for a genuine welfare state. And I will tell you only one thing about the state, to which I will not back down: evaluation everywhere and for everyone. I repeat: evaluation everywhere and for everyone. Good employees must be rewarded for their performance and weaknesses must be remedied.

We have talked about green Greece many times, especially on the small islands. We can put it into practice much faster. We will generate much more electricity from the sun and the wind - good time today, look what a beautiful sunny day with lots of wind. Think how much more electricity we can produce and how much less gas we need to import. Isn't that right? Because seven billion is what we all paid for gas imports. Never mind that we were geopolitically dependent on anyone who threatened to cut off our natural gas. We can provide cheap and clean energy for everyone. DOE programs are already running. You can see the great response to programs like Save Money, Change Water Heaters. There is a great demand. Why? Because this is how your own energy costs are ultimately reduced.

And we will resolve all the outstanding issues we have with the past, waste management, waste water treatment centres. We have secured funding for all of this so that we can really move to a Greece that protects this amazing environment, which we have an obligation to pass on to future generations.

Finally, I have already told you about a strong Greece. The arms programmes will continue and the fence on Evros will be built. Our Coast Guard will continue to be equipped. I was in Lesvos today and I visited one of the new vessels that we have already received, with many capabilities. Thermal cameras allow us to see exactly what is happening at night. We have other vessels that we will receive and important equipment projects that will be completed.

Let me also say a word about our need to explore our own natural wealth. For the first time in ten years, hydrocarbon exploration is taking place southwest of Crete and if there are exploitable deposits, we will be able to produce our own natural gas.

And I don't even think there is a better time and place to remind you that elections are not only held in Greece. In two days they are also taking place in Turkey. The result of our ballot box will therefore also be a message to the other side. The result must exude stability and confidence. At the same time, however, it must also emphatically declare our own will, that the Greeks want a firm and experienced hand at the helm of the country.

In these elections, you will not only vote for the economy, for the welfare state, for what we do in the primary sector, what we do in tourism. You will also vote on who will manage the critical geopolitical challenges that we face, who will stand up to Turkey.

Because, yes, we can, I think so too, we can pick up the thread of rapprochement again. We are never going to dialogue with the absurd. We will always follow the path of international law for our only difference, the delimitation of maritime zones, the EEZ, the continental shelf, or the path of understanding, we can go, but we are not going to be naive. We are not going to be naïve, we will weigh Turkey's actions and not its words, and we will always oppose any challenge to national sovereignty and sovereign rights. One more thing, on the occasion of today's development, the arrest of the candidate for Mayor of Himarra and member of the Greek National Minority, Freddy Beleri. We are right at the south-eastern end of the country, but I want to send a message to Albania from here: Greece will not accept any discounts in the rule of law and in the protection of the rights of the Greek National Minority.

This is our proposal for the Greece of tomorrow. But I wonder, friends, what exactly we find on the other side, on the opposite side, against these clear positions.

Mr.Tsipras insists, as I understand it, on boasting, telling us what a good job he did in the last four years, how he got us out of the memoranda. Be careful, it was he who got us out of the memoranda. After he put us into the memoranda, he then got us out. It's like someone setting their house on fire and then being proud because they called the fire department. He still boasts about the 17-hour negotiation.  I say to him, "You negotiated 17 hours and brought back a memorandum that cost us 100 billion. And I negotiated for five days when we were discussing the establishment of the Recovery Fund. Five days, but I didn't bring back a memorandum. I brought the Recovery Fund with 31 billion euros for our country." That is the difference. So let us keep this memory of a Greece of taxes, of pension cuts, of a time when some people could not see borders at sea, when they turned the country into a transit centre. The closed banks. The closed banks, which they caused, now he is telling us, watch out, he is asking to govern without a memorandum for the first time.

I should say to him, "Fine, let me also govern for the first time without a coronavirus, without a crisis with Turkey, without an immigration invasion, without a war in Ukraine". But I will not say it, because our job is to manage crises. It's just that our crises have all been exogenous. We did not cause them.

He says, again, 80 billion - as I said, he refuses to put a price tag on it - which will come out of the well-known money tree. What is he telling us now? He says that, by means of a legislative act, before he even gets a vote of confidence in Parliament, he will abolish, he will lower the excise duty on fuel, the VAT. And every time we ask him how much that costs, no answer. Do you know why he's saying all this? Because he knows very well that he can't win, so it doesn't cost him anything. It doesn't cost him anything to give you the sky with the stars.

But the slogan is "Justice everywhere" of Syriza, isn't it? Justice everywhere. They are now coming and wagging their finger at us, who, he says, on issues of the rule of law. Justice everywhere except next door to him. Convicted 13-0 in the Supreme Court, Mr. Pappas. They continue to talk about a parallel universe of a Greece that is miserable, grey, dark, which we simply do not see around us. Greece is not a paradise, friends. It is not a paradise, but we have made great strides in these four years and I will not allow anyone to tarnish the image of the country and take us back to a past that we want to forget once and for all.

To those who, even in opposition, said "no to everything", "no" to defence agreements, "no" to tax cuts, "no" to the rights of our fellow citizens with disabilities, "no" even to blocking the return of the Golden Dawn knife-wielding member of parliament. They are now coming and saying: we have, he says, made interventions to keep Golden Dawn away from the possibility of running in the elections.

We passed whatever law is needed to prohibit them from running in the elections and we are proud to have succeeded. Others must apologise for being absent from this front of democracy that we should have put together, but unfortunately some were absent.

So, everything is grey around us and of course, always behind the prospect of a new cooperation with Mr Varoufakis, who are calling for the Greek people's euros to become "Executioners", a paper war on deposits, "local currencies". This is new, the 'local currencies' that Mr Tsakalotos is telling us about. That is, as far as I understand it, other money in Rhodes and the islands, other money in Athens. Dangerous things. It would be funny, but, unfortunately, it is very dangerous. And they are dangerous, friends, because these ghosts of doom can come back now, through the simple proportional representation. A trap of ungovernability left behind by Syriza.

It left it in the municipalities but we were able to overcome it. Because essentially those who want simple proportional representation today are betting on national paralysis, in a landscape that is further blurred by positions such as "The Prime Minister should not be the one the people vote for, but an unknown X".

PASOK of Mr.Androulakis, unfortunately, has become an unlikely partner of SYRIZA, dragging his party into a blind front against New Democracy. I have sometimes said that everyone is united on one thing: that we should not be the government and that Mitsotakis should not be Prime Minister, but this does not constitute an alternative proposal for governance. And especially for the friends of PASOK, they should think again about their vote in the next elections, because, to paraphrase the verse, 'they have moved to go elsewhere and their leader is going elsewhere'. Look, I cannot easily follow this dangerous Babel of opposition. I can, however, see the precipice to which we are being led. So I insist that in an uncertain international environment, with Turkey in front of us, with major geopolitical challenges, Greece needs more than ever before certainty, continuity and consistency, a clear horizon for its course and a clear solution for its leadership.

The dilemma of the ballot box is therefore clear: do we go forward, continue on this path of progress, or do we go back? Do we want results or do we want lies again? Do we want better wages and salaries or do we want taxes and cuts again? Do we want borders secure or open to every threat? In other words, do we choose New Democracy with Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis or Syriza with Prime Minister Tsipras? That is the dilemma. It is very simple. In the end, it concerns all of us. It concerns our lives. It is about who will sit in the Mansion Maximeo taking on this heavy responsibility for the next four years. We weigh, decide and vote. On May 21, the stronger the strength of the vote towards the first and the distance from the second, the easier the road to certainty and hope will open.

So I say it to you again, here in Rhodes. On Sunday, eight days from now, there is no room for frivolity. Any mistake will set us back. It will cancel conquests. It will also cancel our claims of tomorrow. It will be a mistake that cannot be corrected later. You know the answer. It is another and it is one: a self-reliant Greece and a self-reliant New Democracy. In 2019 I spoke to you about the need for the old divisions to be a thing of the past. And, indeed, I think they have faded to a certain extent, in the light of experience. The result we all seek has the colour of truth. And ultimately of effectiveness. This is what unites in New Democracy our fellow citizens who may come from different ideological backgrounds.

But they know, ultimately, that the responsibility of governance has a single purpose. And that is to make your own lives better. And it fits with this broad river of progress that New Democracy is currently expressing. It is the river of patriotism, of responsibility, of modernization, of progress. It is where all those who want a better tomorrow come together. Without party blinkers but for a country proud of its economic progress. But also for a country where its international presence will be heard everywhere. From the Arab world to Brussels and from the Far East to the US Congress.

This is the message I ask you to convey here, in Rhodes, but also on every island of the Dodecanese. Young Democrats, the heart of the party, Rhodes, this ancient crossroads of cultures and ideas, should show the avenue of victory for a self-reliant Greece, for a self-reliant New Democracy, for a better future for the Dodecanese, for the Aegean. No wasted vote, everyone to the polls, to give New Democracy the great victory for the Greece we deserve, for the Greece we can conquer. We move forward steadily, we move forward boldly, we move forward only. Thank you for this impressive reception, keep our flags high, keep hope alive, we are going for a great victory. Here together we will celebrate it after the election. Be well, good race, good victory.