But friends, I want to tell you something about the word change. Mr Tsipras must understand that no matter how many plagiarisms he uses, no matter how many times he uses the word change, change is not a slogan. Change is the image, the experience, the memory of the Greek people of the work of the Democratic Party, Mr Tsipras, because the first time the Left was PASOK in '81. The first time you were with the far right of Kammenos, and the Greek people have not forgotten that. So this work of change is the images and experiences. That is why I ask every Greek who voted for PASOK in the past to remember who built the hospitals in Greece, who established meritocracy with the AΣEP, with the giant Anastasios Peponi? Who did the major infrastructure projects, who built the CCPs, who created the Transparency of meritocracy and transparency? Who made the law on self-government with Kapodistrias? Who is the patriotic force? Who is the patriotic force that made Greece strong in Europe and integrated Cyprus into the European Union with the Cyprus problem unresolved? Who is the patriotic party that put Turkey's feet in one shoe when now Mr. Tsipras wants the Aegean Prespes and Mr. Mitsotakis plays Pontius Pilate to the provocations of Erdogan and Kilicdaroglu? This party, the patriotic party, at every turn of history has had a plan for national issues. Even today remember. Which is the party that on 19 May 1994, seventy-five years after the genocide of the Pontians, when no one did anything, Andreas Papandreou came and established the genocide in the memory and consciousness of the people. Because a people that does not remember goes through the same adventures again. Memory, knowledge, experience, is a guardian for every people. Friends. Some are trying to show that this new beginning has a ceiling. On May 21 we will prove that this new beginning, this genuine progressive change, has no ceiling. There is no ceiling to the Greek people's struggle for better days. Therefore, I call on you to redeem us from the alternation of the two faded and corrupt systems of power and to restore the citizens' trust in the Democratic Party. They have been trying in the last hours to pin the blame for ungovernability on PASOK. Oligarchs every day ask us who will you go with? Are we going to have ungovernability? Do you know? There is always a government after elections. The question is what will this government serve; those who terrorize you or you, your children and grandchildren. So terrorize with your vote the terrorists who feel safe with the Mitsotakis system and the sponsor of the Mitsotakis system, Mr. Tsipras. The only danger is not ungovernability. It is immobility and decadence. They never wanted to cooperate with us, to bleed and plunder PASOK, they wanted New Democracy and Syriza. They want to wipe us off the political map. Is this the first time? They did the same thing in '89. We will answer them here from Heraklion, just like in '89. The plundering of PASOK is over. The rebirth of PASOK is ahead on 21 May. So proudly raise the flag of PASOK, the green flag of the Sun.