Citizens of Agrinio. Today, with your gathering today, Aitoloakarnania gives a definitive answer. On 21 May the people will win, on 21 May democracy will win. Whoever. Anyone who had doubts about what is the real victory performance in the coming elections, has only to see what is happening here today, in Democracy Square, in the heart of Agrinio. Today, from here in Agrinio, with your magnificent gathering today, we begin the seven-day battle for the final victory, for the great victory of our people on May 21. From Democracy Square, here in Agrinio, democracy is fighting back, to bring down the vicious regime that governs us, to get rid of the worst right-wing government since the post-communist period, to put society back on its feet, to bring back democracy in power and justice everywhere, in society and in our country. And the message that you are sending today, the message that Agrinio is sending today is one: Mr Mitsotakis, next Sunday you are finally leaving the Maximou building. Next Sunday, change is coming. Next Sunday, with the victory of our people on 21, we win and on 22 we form a government of progressive cooperation.

And we begin the hard work, the hard work of bringing change and justice into people's lives. Because Greece and the Greeks do not deserve 4 years of arrogance, but 4 years of indifference, 4 years of extreme corruption, 4 years of family rule, 4 years of obscenity, 4 years of generalized injustice. And this citizens of Agrinio are becoming every day conscious of the majority of our people, who no longer want to live under siege by worry, insecurity and anxiety. And now there is no longer any doubt about who cares and who is indifferent about who works for the public interest and who works for the interests of the powerful.

It has been proven for four years now that Mr Mitsotakis does not care about the many but only about the few and the powerful. 8 years ago they handed over to SYRIZA an economy in tatters, a society on its knees, a country devastated, plunged into bankruptcy, with troikas and overseers and they received, after hard work, a country out of the memoranda, in the markets with 12 quarters of growth, with the public debt regulated and with 37 billion in the public coffers. Why? So that Mr Mitsotakis can finally eat from the ready-made, so that he can squander what we have achieved with enormous sacrifices and difficulties on direct assignments to day labourers and subsidies for the obscenity of the powerful.

And what he is really delivering today, in a few days when he will be forced to hand over the Maximou mansion, he is really delivering Parallai, a four years later, where he found everything laid out and ready. 50 billion more in public debt, 40 billion more in private debt and half of Greece, 4,250,000 Greeks with bad debts to the tax authorities, the banks, the social security funds. And 700,000 households worrying if the next day they will lose their house at auction, since Mr Mitsotakis has improvised by passing their mortgaged properties to the funds.

What else does it deliver? It delivers us a broken National Health System with a negative record of 37,000 of our fellow human beings who were unjustly lost in the pandemic. A negative record that ranks our country worse than even Bolsonaro's Brazil, in proportion to our population. Why? Why instead of strengthening? Our hospitals with doctors and nurses, instead of building intensive care units, he told us that it is the same for patients whether they are in or out of intensive care units, and I am well aware of the heavy price paid by Agrinio, Aitoloakarnania, here with your hospital being among the worst indicators of the abandonment of indifference by the Mitsotakis government.

It also delivers us. It also delivers us an education with tens of thousands of children out of the universities so that colleges and private individuals can plough their profits on the basis of the minimum enrolment that Mr Mitsotakis has created so that every year children are cut off from the people's families and the schools in the regional universities are closed and wither away. He left us. Schools without permanent teachers with 30% being substitutes and universities without university professors but with university police officers.

It also gives us, what else, the labour jungle of unpaid overtime and the abolition of the eight-hour working day for workers, the constant reduction of the average wage and the purchasing power of households. The day before yesterday, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development produced some indicators, irrefutable indicators relating to Greece. Mr Mitsotakis refuted them too. He only agrees with what the 108 briefing, which has recently become 107, only agrees with what is said on the channels. The parrots of the government propaganda. But, however, international organizations and their pointers tell the truth. So what did the OASA tell us the other day? That Greece was the only European country that in the three years 2019 - 2021 had a decrease in nominal wages, in the average nominal wage, and in 2022 had a decrease in the average real wage of 7.5%.

What does this mean, citizens of Agrinio? It means that where we were promised better jobs and better wages and support for the middle class, the middle class has been reduced to living on vouchers, needing vouchers to go to the supermarket, to pay for electricity, to put petrol in petrol stations. But what else were we being told, remember 19? They promised better days to the defenders of work, to the pensioners. And what happened to all those years? According to what Eurostat says, pensioners with pensions of up to €700 a month have seen their purchasing power fall by 40%. The pension they were receiving in 19 is 40% less in terms of its purchasing value. The pensioner today does not have the dignity of being able to give a gift to his grandchild. And what else have those who have the audacity to wag their finger at us done to pensioners? When they told us that we supposedly betrayed Macedonia in order to save pensions, when they told us these miserable things, those who now went hand in hand and honoured the agreement that we made while serving our patriotic duty. So those who then told us that the 13th pension was a pittance, abolished the 13th pension and even took away retroactive payments from pensioners, despite the decision of the Council of State. 7 billion in total was taken away from pensioners in this four-year period.

What else? Mr Mitsotakis is handing us a booty state with the blue grasshoppers occupying positions in all the public utilities and giving themselves bonuses with appointments outside the AESEP, with a doubling of the number of temporary employees and with complete disregard and indifference even for the security of the citizen. With the most indisputable proof of this being Tempe, an unspeakable tragedy. The result of the political immorality of a regime that let the railways fall apart. And a few days before the accident, it had no shame. The minister in charge shouting shame in parliament when SYRIZA MPs told him that he had left the railways in tatters and that there were risks to passenger safety. And today, today, this minister, the minister of Tempi, is again a candidate of Mr Mitsotakis' choice, to be washed up in the pool of Siloam. But Mr Mitsotakis told us at the time. That it was a human error that the stationmaster was to blame for all this. Who really appointed this stationmaster with a party buffet? Unqualified, unqualified, unqualified, untrained? Who appointed him? And afterwards made him permanent.

Friends and friends citizens of Agrinio. This is the image of indifference and arrogance that the Mitsotakis government and Mr Mitsotakis himself have shown throughout the four years. He knew nothing and everything was someone else's fault. He knew nothing himself. He needs more proof. To realize that we can't go on with this understatement any longer. Citizens of Agrinio, citizens of Aitoloakarnania, next Sunday we have a chance. We have the opportunity at the ballot box. We have the opportunity to punish those who, for four years now, with their arrogance and indifference, have led us into a painful situation, but we also have the opportunity to pave the way for a progressive government, a government of progressive cooperation, not only to punish, but to take responsibility to put society back on its feet, to reinvigorate the economy, to change this framework of inequalities and to breathe life into the dreams of the new generation, the hopes of the great majority of society. 

So we will not forget everything that has happened in this four-year period. Nor will we forget the crime of Tempe. Nor will we forget the rape of democracy and the rule of law through illegal surveillance. Mitsotakis was avoiding. Like the devil on incense to come to a debate. And he probably knew something that he was avoiding. He still avoids the invitation to come and debate today, but he decided and accepted the 6 political leaders meeting, thinking he would be able to hide behind the other 4. But at the first zorik question, he was stunned and he testified without a beating, his monk, everything he had been trying to keep hidden for 9 months now. In connection with the great wiretapping scandal. He confessed to the scandal and the rape of democracy and the rule of law. He admitted that there was no national reason for the wiretapping. But I want to ask myself once again here from Agrinio. If there was no national reason for the interceptions, then why did he invoke national secrecy for nine months to conceal the truth from the parliamentary committee of inquiry? Why, if there was no national reason, did the prosecutor of the NSA, Mrs Vlachou, illegally sign the provisions for the surveillance of citizens? Half the political system, political leaders, ministers, even the heads of the armed forces. And why is this lady still in her position? Where does she keep Mr Mitsotakis? Why, too, and what exactly did the Prosecutor of the Supreme Court, Mr Doyakos, do to identify the perpetrators? And why why why? There is no indictment 9 months today for these illegal acts. So, to conclude, it is not only a scandal, it is a crime against democracy, against the rule of law, against the rights of the citizen and it is also a felony under the criminal code. A felony that they are trying to cover up by manipulating the judiciary and now they are attempting to wash away their blunders with the vote of the people.

So today I want to address not you, but the conservative citizens, the honest New Democrats. We have important ideological differences, but I believe that a very large part of these conservative citizens are honest and feel ashamed of this family that governs them, that governs us and that governs their party. They are ashamed of the wiretapping scandal, of the violation of the rule of law, of the rape of democracy, of the widening of inequalities. I don't want to ask them. Mr Mitsotakis, it is clear, wants to be washed away with your vote. Will you wash him out with your vote; will you be complicit in the rape of democracy? Will you give him a blank cheque to carry on doing the same and worse, to become possibly even more dangerous? It is obvious that there will be no light and no catharsis if Mr Mitsotakis does not pay the price for his actions, that is, if he is not defeated in the elections of 21 May. We therefore call on the citizens not to be complicit in this crime.

And I want to send this message not only to conservative voters, but I also want this message to reach Mr.Androulakis of Kinal.And let me ask. How will the perpetrators of the parastate really be taken to prison, as he rightly demanded the day before yesterday, with a government of the New Democracy of Mr Mitsotakis? How can you leave equal distances for the next day between the man who was watching you, because he wanted to control you, on the one hand, and the prospect of a progressive government that will bring about a catharsis and hold the perpetrators of the parastate to account, on the other? So from here, from democratic Agrinio, from democratic Agrinio, from the city of great democratic traditions, I want to remind those who consider themselves to be the exclusive intellectual property of the legacy and the slogans of the democratic party and of the great leader of the democratic party, Andreas Papandreou, of something. And let me remind them that Andreas Papandreou never saw a front, he never had a front in the progressive forces. He had only one front, the Right. The worst Right we have ever had is the one we have today, that's why we. I personally have only one front, Mr Mitsotakis's Right, no one else's. And I extend my hand to all the progressive forces of the country, to the progressive citizens. And I ask them, what is the crucial stakes of this battle? That on May 23rd, Mr. Mitsotakis is not in the Mansion, that we have a progressive coalition government on May 22nd to bring about change.

To put society back on its feet, to bring hope to young people, to support the weak. This is our front. This is our vision and this is what will be put into practice with the vote of the Greek people next Sunday.

But I want to tell you one more thing. I told you earlier that Mr Mitsotakis does not care. That is half the truth. He does not care about the many, he cares about a few and powerful, he cares about a privileged few. It is no accident. Very few days ago a video saw the light of day on the Internet. With an employer next to the Minister of Development, where he was gleefully threatening and blackmailing workers that if they don't vote for New Democracy and vote for Syriza, they will be fired. This man has a point, because if SYRIZA becomes the first party next Sunday and we have a government of progressive cooperation, the easy money from the public purse that he has been receiving all this time will be cut off. It is a waste of billions. Sky-high profits privatizing the PPC, hospitals, water. Distribution of Recovery Fund resources to big conglomerates, blue grasshoppers, so called the party cadres' assault on public money and public positions. These are Mr Mitsotakis's projects. How can he not care? He cares, but he cares for the few and the privileged. 15 listed companies with more than a billion in profits each, a twenty-year record of profitability, are Mr Mitsotakis' work, and that too at a time when households cannot make it through the third week of the month. So how can he not care? He cares, but for some powerful people and they in turn care in order to gain another four years which will translate into profit for themselves. They support him because he has the state coffers, they vote for him, they fund him, they craft his image in the media, so it's pretty simple.

What exactly do we want to happen next Sunday night? Who will be the ones in the streets celebrating the people's victory? The democratic citizens? Or the cartels and the powerful? Who do we want smiling next Sunday? The energy companies, the cartels of the powerful or do we want the democratic people in the streets hoping for a better tomorrow? I am sure, from your rally today, from your overwhelming presence here in Agrinio today, that next Sunday the people will be celebrating. You will be celebrating, all of us will be celebrating the victory of democracy, the return of justice, the victory of the people. 7 days left for the worst right-wing government the country has ever seen to go. So we will go strong in these 7 days we will go strong to bring victory. And we will win next Sunday. We will win, because we have no choice.

He asked me. The day before yesterday a new kid. How do you see things? I said how do you see things? I see a SYRIZA victory, he replied. I said why? Can't you see that they keep presenting polls that say the opposite? He replied, I see a SYRIZA victory because I and all my friends will vote for SYRIZA. Secondly, I see a SYRIZA victory because there is no other way. Because it is our only hope to stay in this country, not to emigrate, not to go abroad. And I take this answer not only as a message of optimism, but also as a heavy responsibility. We have a heavy responsibility to turn the dreams of these young people, the aspirations of these young people, into reality. We have a heavy responsibility. We are obliged not only to win, but also to rebuild our country on solid foundations of social justice, to give perspective to the dreams of the new generation.

We have an obligation to win and we will win because the Greeks do not deserve to spend another four years in injustice, in indifference, in the arrogance of power. And why? To remember a nice old slogan, to remember a nice old slogan, Greece does not belong to a few families that rule us. Greece does not belong to a few rich and powerful people. Greece belongs to all Greeks. You know, these slogans belong to the democratic and progressive party, they are our common heritage. But we do not say them to recapture the glories of the past. We say them because today they have been made dramatically relevant again by the worst right-wing party since the post-war period, the right-wing party of Mr Mitsotakis. Some of the younger people do not remember what the Right means, and Mr Mitsotakis has reminded us of this four years ago with his behaviour and has reminded us that, in the end, the Right means inequality, it means injustice, it means authoritarianism, it means obscenity, it means family rule. All of which we want to put an end to with our vote next Sunday.

The dilemma then. The dilemma that we have before us at the ballot box. The dilemma we have before the ballot box is indeed whether this change, which is not a change in government, is a change in our lives, in our income, in our rights. So the dilemma we have is one. Mitsotakis again for another four years or change in our lives? Mitsotakis again or justice everywhere? This is the main dilemma next Sunday.

SYRIZA has put its cards on the table, its programme. We submitted the contract for change, a contract with 11 articles, which is permeated by an inviolable condition, justice. But what is the fourfold? Shall I say I of this contract? Let me say it simply and clearly so that you can convey it during these seven days that have been left in every village, in every citizen, in every café, in every home. What a victory of SYRIZA in the elections and a progressive party and a progressive government means a wage increase, a price reduction, a regulation of debts and a fair, efficient, strong social state next to the citizen. This means.

But some people were very worried. And they told us that our program is too expensive. And it doesn't work. Really, is their program of 10 billion in direct awards to day laborers a program that's coming off; their program that in a year and a half gave subsidies to energy companies alone of over 10 billion is a program that's coming off? We can of course answer in another way. Those who left the country bankrupt, with a 15% 100 deficit in 2009 and plunged us into bankruptcy. Those who left the coffers empty in 2015. The ones whose party owes 400 million in loans and unpaid loans to the banks. They want to talk to us about bills, that we took the country out of the memoranda, that we sanitized the public, the public finances, that we left 37 billion in the public coffers. And they have the audacity to talk to us and tell us it's not working?

Well, I want to make it clear once again. We will implement our programme to the hilt and we will implement it to the hilt, because it is a disgrace that those who have wasted 60 billion over the last three years, thanks to the pandemic, have left nothing of substance for society. Leaving the public hospitals, the welfare state in tatters. Leaving small and medium-sized businesses at the mercy, they have no right to talk to us when we say that we will give a €2,000 salary to the first doctor appointed to rebuild the hospitals so that citizens can have decent care.

They can't talk to us about where you're going to get the money when we say we're going to give a 10% raise to civil servants who haven't seen a raise in 14 years. They can't tell us if the finger when we say we'll give back the thirteenth pension to the pensioner that you took away.

They can't wag their finger at us when we say that there will be an end to this party of obscenity and sky-high prices for electricity at the supermarket for petrol. It costs you though.

It costs, it's true; our program, to be honest, costs. Do you know who it costs? It's costing the funds that won't take the homes of 700,000 households who have bought their mortgages at 20% of their value and want to get out at 100%. It costs the energy and food cartels the fuel cartels. It costs them and it will cost the day laborers who won't get direct assignments.

But I want to tell you. In addition to the 11 articles, we already have the first legislative act ready. Because justice must be speeded up. And the legislative act that we have ready to sign before the Parliament is even constituted has 3 articles. Its first article says suspension of the auctions of first homes. Until the law that definitively regulates and protects the first home is passed, which has the signature of the politician who linked her name to the protection of the first home, Lucas Katseli.

The second article calls for a reduction in VAT and excise duty, a reduction in VAT to 6% for all foodstuffs and a zero rate for basic and subsistence foodstuffs.

The third article says to abolish the minimum university entrance requirement from these national exams, so that our children who are now studying know that no artificial cut-off will limit their access to public universities.

It is better to say a shot here in the slogans of the young people. Despite Mitsotakis. It is certain, it is certain that Mr Mitsotakis is not going to get the vote of young people with EUR 150, this act of humiliation, this act of disparagement. Yes, better a shot than EUR 150 for a bottle of whisky with Mitsotakis. Because young people's dreams and aspirations for a better life cannot be bought with 150. There is a word you know only in the Greek vocabulary. It does not translate. That word is called philotimo. And when someone underestimates the meaning of this word that is in the Greek consciousness, then they will pay dearly for it. Yes, Mr Mitsotakis will pay dearly for trying to buy off the young people he has targeted, who he has deceived all these four years with EUR 150.

Citizens of Agrinio, at this point I would like to say a few words about what justice means for your place, justice for your prefecture. By upgrading the NHS and its people so that your two hospitals are not destroyed, doctors do not resign, outpatient clinics and surgeries are not cut, we believe that we can create conditions of justice and this is the framework in our programme.

Our plan is also to support. With money and staff. The agricultural school that we founded. To end, to end the decline, the decline for farmers and ranchers. The decline. And it's not working. Really, their program of 10 billion direct awards to day laborers is a program that's coming out their program that in a year and a half they gave subsidies just to energy companies over 10 billion is a program that's coming out. To reduce the cost of production, the price of fuel. To give subsidies normally and not to cut the power to local land improvement agencies. The farmers and ranchers are the ones who today. They are going through an existential drama and I am well aware of it. I know that farmers. They are killing. They slaughter his female animals. So that they don't judge the herds because they can't, they can't cope with the huge cost of production, the prices of feed. I know that farmers and ranchers have seen power prices go up 15 times. So to these people today we have a commitment to give, we will support them decisively to stay in the countryside, to be able to produce, to be able to cope with the huge cost of production.

We also have a plan to modernise the outdated irrigation network, which is extensively damaged, resulting in a huge waste of water and electricity. This is not only an important infrastructure, but also a solid basis for the transition to green growth. We have a goal and a plan and we are committed to making the road axis Platygiali, Agrinio, Karpenisi, Lamia a reality. To connect Aitoloakarnania with Central Greece and the central axis of PATHE. And also to connect Agrinio with the Ionian Road, a project of vitality for the whole of Western Greece, which we did, we completed.

But I want us all to close today's meeting by remembering exactly which square we gathered in today. We gathered in Republic Square. But also in the square where, during the difficult years of the occupation, the Nazi occupiers hung three lads on Good Friday and the monument is further down here. And a little further away. In Kalyvia. They executed 200 heroes of our national resistance. This is the history of our land. We don't forget this history. And we will never forget it. Not because we want to take revenge on any people. But because we want humanity to never again experience such atrocities.

That is why, as the late Manolis Glezos used to say, even if war reparations were €1, we must claim this euro. However, the day before yesterday, Mr Mitsotakis, through Mr Skertzos, told us to forget about German reparations and the occupation loan once and for all. So I want us to answer that from this square. From here, which was a heroic place, like almost every other place in our country, where there were executions, hardships, torture and murders.

To answer. If there is anyone we will forget from May 22nd onwards, it is you, Mr Mitsotakis, the Greek people will forget you very quickly and you can be sure of that. But we will not forget our history. We will not forget. Our national debt. We will not forget, because people who forget have no future, no prospects.

So I want to thank you, friends, citizens of Agrinio, once again from the bottom of my heart, because today, today we had the biggest rally that SYRIZA has held in Agrinio since 2012. The biggest gathering since 2015. But I want to tell you. Our rallies, compared to those of Mr Mitsotakis, show the real victory performance. We did not come to Agrinio to gather friends and acquaintances outside a cafeteria. We came and filled the central square, the Republic Square. But I want to. But I want to ask you during these 7 days not to be complacent. We all know it and it was clear from our gathering. SYRIZA Progressive Alliance will be first and by far in Aitoloakarnania. But the greater the victory, the greater the prospect the next day of change becoming a reality. So we want and I want to ask you to embrace change and the prospect of victory together. Not a day lost, not an hour lost in the next few days. For we each and every one of us are the change that will come. We are the justice that will come, because on May 21 the pollsters and media parrots will not vote. The citizens will vote. And there are today, there are 450,000 new voters today. There are thousands of citizens today who are thinking about whether they're going to vote and what they're going to vote for. The election battle will be decided by the decision that these citizens, young people, the so-called undecideds, make. So I want to call on you. In the next few days you, each of you, with your contact with the citizens, will judge the outcome of the elections. And I want to appeal especially to the young people. To those who are thinking about whether to go and vote yes or no. I say to them, don't give your gun away to anyone. Just go to the polls. If you go to the ballot box, it is certain that even if you decide, Mr Mitsotakis will not have a second day after 21 May in Maximou. I also want to address those who want to punish Mr Mitsotakis and New Democracy for what he has done, but at the same time they think that the best punishment is a smaller anti-systemic party. And I want to say to them. There is no greater punishment for the regime that governs us than to be defeated. And the only way to defeat it is to lose in Sunday's election. And the only way for it to lose the Sunday election is for Syriza to win the Sunday election. So the only antisystemic and the only punitive vote is a vote for SYRIZA Progressive Alliance. So that is why we are strengthening the victory of SYRIZA in these elections. We pave the way for the formation of a progressive government the next day. And so, I want to ask you all to come together in these seven days with strength. To bring victory and great change. To raise wages and pensions to drastically reduce prices, to beat obscenity, to write off and regulate private debt, to bring smiles back to the housewife, the mother, the farmer, the professional, the employee, the retiree, the young and the young at heart. To raise the sun of justice over our country again, to make the great change happen, to make the great change happen. So I want to call on you all together united during these seven days, not to lose a moment forward, therefore, all together not to miss anyone in this great call of the progressive democratic party, not to miss anyone in the struggle for the great victory on May 21. Be well. Good strength, good strength and with victory. Thank you very much. Goodbye.

Today Agrinio judged the victory performance, your gathering you judge the victory performance for next Sunday. Let's go strong for the great victory. Goodbye, good strength. Goodbye. Next Sunday at this time in Republic Square we'll have a festival again. Be well, goodbye. Goodbye.