But the reality is inexorable. Under ND, SYRIZA and PASOK, the private sector is growing day by day and is getting bigger and bigger, and it is getting more and more gluttonous from human suffering, at a time when it has been amply demonstrated that health care should be a social good and a right for all, not a commodity and a privilege for those who can afford it. Under ND, under SYRIZA and under PASOK, the commercialisation of public hospitals themselves and their operation according to business criteria has proceeded and is proceeding. At one time or another, measures were adopted to turn public health care facilities into public limited companies that would cover their operating costs by 'selling' services to patients-customers and insurance funds. Changing the way 18 hospitals are financed, based on the ability to attract patient-customers and achieve financial efficiency, is a law of the ND-PASOK government that SYRIZA put into effect. The Costing of Homogeneous Diagnostic Categories to fully harmonize the public health system with the rules of the "market" and reduce costs is a law of SYRIZA implemented by ND. The recent law concerning the reform of EOPYY and Primary Health Care with the fiasco of the personal doctor is an extension of the unpopular reform enacted by SYRIZA in 2017. The entrepreneurial action with the -paid- evening surgeries and now with the evening surgeries, are laws that they all implemented. A new episode in the commercialisation is the recent statements of the Minister of Health of the South West, who stated that the vision - watch out vision - of the South West is the transformation of all public hospitals into legal entities under private law! What he did not say is that the "vision of the South West will be a nightmare that will be paid for very dearly by patients and health workers. It is true that the form of Private Legal Entities will ensure greater 'flexibility' for public hospitals to play their role as shops selling services and having balanced budgets. 	This is a road that has been paved over time by all governments. An example of "flexibility" is the way the Hospital of Santorini, which was established as a Public Limited Company under SYRIZA - ANEL, is staffed. With seasonal "reinforcement", through secondments of staff from other health units, mainly to meet the needs of the tourist capital, rather than full staffing for the needs of the population all year round. Another example is the Onassisio in Athens, which also has a "public character" but its operation has full business characteristics, since, for example, outpatient visits and examinations are paid for entirely by the patients, while there are payment packages for patients who will undergo surgery, in order to upgrade their "position" and make the appointment closer. A third example is the Papageorgiou Hospital in Thessaloniki, where a glance at its Operating Regulations is enough to convince even the most sceptical, since it is made clear from the first paragraph that the hospital 'operates on the basis of the principles of private economy...'. Plain and simple. In a word, if this abomination proposed by the Southwest is implemented, the sign outside the hospitals will read "public" and the rules of entrepreneurship and commercialization of their operations will be rampant inside. This is the policy followed and not at all questioned by either SYRIZA or PASOK. Where is the difference between them, when the New Democracy talks about 'public-private partnerships', Syriza talks about 'public-private coexistence' and PASOK talks about a strong health system, but not public and free, but 'under public supervision'? If anyone finds them, let them tell us. In simple Greek, whichever of them and with whichever of them governs, patients will continue to be ripped off directly and indirectly.