Speaking of Health, however, the money from the Recovery Fund that is earmarked for it will not be given for the needs of the people but for the promotion of PPPs and private investment. The example of Epirus is typical, where this fund will finance new mental health units with EUR 2.5 million, but this will only be for NGOs and private individuals! On this basis, even the public structures that already exist in hospitals will be turned into NGOs, because otherwise they cannot be financed. The 'fair health policy' that Mitsotakis proclaimed the other day for the next four years corresponds to a health system in which the state will give even less and patients will pay even more for their needs to health entrepreneurs and the commercialised public health sector. To put it bluntly, the policy of Mr Mitsotakis and the New Democracy Party is fair for some people, for the business groups and the state that serves them. It is unfair, anachronistic and dangerous for the people and the health workers. This is also the content of the "evaluation" that set as a priority in order to ensure the "sustainability" of public health units with fewer and flexible staff and with an increase in payments from patients. In short, health units Incorporated Health Units with exhausted staff and contract workers and patient-clients. This is the "normalcy" that the government is projecting. A recent example is the despicable circular from the Ministry of Health that turns medicine back a century by requiring patients to go to hospitals and be treated by irrelevant specialists, which after the outcry was taken back. But no one is talking about these new "Temples" for the health of the people except the JCR. And there is no end to the convergence on health care. Let's look at the issue of the health workers, the "heroes" as the bourgeois parties hypocritically called them in the pandemic. All together, ND-Syriza-PASOK generalised flexible labour relations in health units, plundered their salaries, led them to burnout. SYRIZA even passed a law abolishing the fixed daily working hours of hospital doctors at the behest of the EU. And here, we have a recent new episode in the serial of their joint programmes. Recently, Tsipras announced from Kos that he would use the private sector and private doctors in island regions "when there is a need", instead of saying that they would recruit doctors in the public sector. That is, he said, exactly what the Mitsotakis government legislated a few months ago and with which the entire medical community of the country, from workers' unions, hospital doctors' associations to medical associations, disagreed!