They are also committed to NATO and the United States with the involvement of our country in the war in Ukraine, but also in other dangerous plans that go as far as settlements in Greek-Turkish relations with NATO's stamp and so much more. This, friends, comrades, is in a nutshell the "stability" that the next government of the South-West promises to ensure. Stability for capital, of course, but which means greater instability and insecurity for the people. 	But in the goal of this stability for capital, both ND, SYRIZA and PASOK meet, regardless of what they say, or rather what they don't say... As much as capital needs a government that will implement its goals, it needs an opposition that is "consensual", "systemic", an opposition that will "back down" in the difficult, important and critical issues, that will seek to secure the workers' - people's consensus in order to increase the profits of the few. 	And such an "opposition" has had and still has: It is SYRIZA and PASOK. The parties, which, not to go too far, in the four previous years, voted for 50% and 70% of the laws of ND respectively, called for ministers of common consent with Mitsotakis, apotheosized social cohesion and called for submission and consensus in critical moments when our people were being tested and had to fight to be saved! With their policies and their attitude, they gave enough time to the government of ND and the rotten capitalist system to save themselves, at the expense of the Greek people, and they will do the same again, because they agree with the strategic choices of capital and the EU. Let no one have any illusions. After all, experience now confirms that social democracy in all its versions, whether in the form of PASOK or in the form of SYRIZA, not only cannot provide an answer from the point of view of the people's interests, but is constantly an important support for anti-people's policies. This has been proven, moreover, by their course of government: When they passed memoranda one after the other, when they brought in new anti-people's measures, when they co-governed with the Right, PASOK twice with ND, SYRIZA with ANEL. When known "right-wingers" easily flanked their ballots. When they supported all directions of the EU, NATO and so much more. They proved it, the "composable" programs they submitted during the election and all of them served the same strategic goals and their common choices.