And it's systematic, it goes hand in hand with stock market actions. What they did I say and I say it again in the tours we're doing now at this time, but it matters. They talk about neoliberalism for Thatcher they are worse than them. Thatcher, because I was living it at the time. Unfortunately, I got it in the face in a big way. I went to Britain, moved to Britain a year before Thatcher was elected. And I left 10 years, 11 years later. I didn't miss a picket line against her these so to hear them bass, hear some friend of mine from the JPC accusing me of being a Thatcherite.When he says she's worse than Thatcher, I'm not saying it to legitimise Thatcher, but to. Tell you the truth about what they're doing then? How did Thatcher sell the PPP the British PPP? She had made the following deal with the people, because nobody had a problem with it? No British person, not even a Conservative, had a problem with the public power company. It was working fine, but she told them something because she was clever. Thatcher wasn't yesterday's news. Look at that. How much is a kilowatt hour today under the public system we have? 100. I'm just randomly making up this number we're talking about. Let's say it's 100. Well. Proposal we privatize we break the public power company into pieces we privatize we bring in other players to. Establish to build to build power plants. We make a market. So a market and a stock exchange if you want to have actions. And we put. What is the price today 100 100 is the maximum cap If it says this market manages to bring the price down below what it is today, do you have a problem? Do you want to pay more? We don't have it. I'll give you money. How? Privatisation, you know what Thatcher did? The money the state took. Selling off the companies in a big way. She gave it back. How? Gave you the right to buy shares yourself? That's not what happened here. From Mitsotakis SA Who took a block of shares of the PPC board and gave them to a fund from London called CVC. Whole take what they said what they said no. No one can get more than 1000 € shares. People's capitalism he called it, so what did he do? He organised so it wasn't a difficult job he was selling shares that were worth 2000 that calculated on the market, he sold 2000 of them he sold for 1000. And every small businessman. He borrowed 1000 € in the bank he took 1000 € shares and the next day he sold them and 2000. Of course that doesn't mean that within a week the big predators had taken all the shares, but he had also distributed money to the people and it came out and came out again and he had the price cap where it was. What were they doing? They gave it to their friends in a company in CVC which, by the way, is the employer of Mr. Mitsotakis' daughter. That's why we're talking about Mitsotakis SA. We say such things and then we never go on TV, they take out the executioner and portray her as the belzebub.