And they have the energy exchange without a cap. Thatcher wasn't thinking about that. I mean, do you know what that means? It means there's no limit. Now, if somebody is really a liberal, neoliberal liberal, call him whatever you want liberal and in a good sense like that and does he really believe that the market works well when there is competition in it? There are people who do. That and they are sincere and there are markets that work well. Farmers markets work fine, they see when you have 50 tomato growers. And they compete with each other the prices somehow stay at a human level, but when you have an energy exchange with 5 bardinoyannis, mythilinium, dove, Latsis, nice and CVC. This is not a stock exchange guys these are coffee shop sit around and you know what how they decide the price of energy? They say One says I say I say let's give them 200. All of them say Come on, you're too much of a bullshitter put 250 the gentleman says guys nonsense I have to pay for things 430 and the fourth one says guys calm down if we put 300 then they'll die and we won't have water to put in the cow we'll have killed it so we put 250 and they figure it out that's how the energy exchange works. How do you think it works scientifically under market conditions?When you have 5 people you have a cartel, you don't have a market it's over.This was legislated by my former colleague, my former partner, George Stathakis, who used to come out and make whole speeches and give whole speeches. That electricity would become cheap for the people with the energy exchange. Did we see what happened now? We have seen it. And don't tell me that the cost of production has gone up, because then why is it that every six-month quarter, Mytilineus comes out and every six-month quarter he cheers that he's increased his profits 100 110%. If they increased. Costs x. Prices increased. Χ. Plus 113% that's why you had a profit Mr. Mytiline for that and why can you do that? Because there's enough energy money to go around.