Now why is that a problem? Here in Volos you have a particular sensitivity and. I welcome this one about water. You've heard that, I suppose. The Council of State. In a rare heroic moment. It backed the decision not to privatize water against the advice of the Mitsotaki government. And not only that, it also turned against SYRIZA. He ruled correctly that the SYRIZA government had no right to the shares of EYDAP and EYDATH, i.e. the Athens and Thessaloniki water supply and sewerage company. The shares of these 2 large water and sewerage companies were to be placed in the Yperta Fund. And the Council of State is demanding that they leave the State Treasury, that they go back to the State, back to the Ministry of Finance. So once, twice, three times this decision of the Council of State was taken. Mitsotakis writes it in the oldest of shoes. Finally the Council of State with a procedure. Control of the implementation of its decisions basically gave a mandate to the government. Fortunately to take the shares out of the Super Fund has not yet been done. They have committed to do it, what should I do? Once they will do something the law said they would do. They are slow because they are slow; they themselves tell us why it says. The lenders; listen to them telling us, we are not, it says that in memoranda and there is no troika. The lenders are in trouble. He says you will take away our shares in EVDAP and EVDATH from our State Treasury. We rely on them, what will you give us and are looking to see friends and friends? Companions, comrades, comrades say so themselves. Read the shipping trade they are looking for equivalents remember the equivalents what to put of public property that is not has already all been put in the superfund, they are looking for things, to put in the superfund. As equivalents to compensate the creditors for the shares of EVDAP and EVDATH leaving. Not even the Wehrmacht did that in the heart of the occupation. Do you understand this? That is what we say and we never go on the air again. And we are vilified, but we embrace and love their hatred. Why did they link the Super Fund to the banks? Shall I tell you why?