And the energy exchange is it possible to stop the oligarchs' subsidies without stopping the abolition of the energy exchange, at least put a cap on it like Thatcher did? We're talking about a single public utility. But even by their logic, the only way to stop obscenity is to put a cap, let's discuss that too. For the Super Fund, what are we saying about the flow of investment capital to small and medium-sized enterprises? Let's abolish the Super Fund and get the. The capital, the public property that the Superfund has in it, should be transferred to the new Development Bank and a new agricultural bank. And this public property should be the capital base of these public banks so that there can be a public banking system to finance, finance small and medium-sized enterprises and finance farmers that we no longer have. We sold it, we gave it away for free to Piraeus Bank, the agricultural bank. That is what we wanted to discuss as far as the demetra is concerned. Yes, you're not telling me; do you think the Greek people have any obligation to give 2 billion a year to the bankers? Haratzi for every time you pay with a debit card that makes an electronic transfer 2 billion we give. The cost of electronic transactions is zero. It's done automatically, no more workers taking numbers from one column and putting them in another. It's automatic. And what do we call a public digital payment system? The countries that have a central bank are already setting this up on their central bank. If you don't have or innovative idea? Ours is old, right? And it has been studied, it has been developed in international conferences, it has been written, there have been articles written positively about this idea in the Financial Times, which is not a Marxist Leninist paper. By the way. Set up this public payment system on Taxis Net, which we all want to join and don't want to pay. Why can't we be able to transfer from our organization of Taxpayer's Tax ID or from me to you from you to the state for free without any fees 2 billion. Why can't this system? The 1000 € that had in the bank?And they do not get interest If you keep them for a year in the account in the AFM, in the Demeter to be able to amortize these 1000 € in one year, 1080 € of taxes, that is to say, the state gives you a one-time rebate of 80 €. Essentially because you lent it 1000 € for a year. And so you have 8% interest. The state wins because it borrows from you without having to go to the sharks of the markets. You win, you win, everybody wins. That's the hangman's system.