And because we don't mince words, what do we say? In case of a banking crisis? Which you know happens to the best families. Look, United States, Credit Swiss is closed, it's no laughing matter. Banks, banks are safe; in the case of a banking crisis you have a payment system that has nothing to do with banks, so it's safe. You've parked your savings and you don't care what happens to the bank that closes and you know, this banking crisis can be spontaneous like it is in the United States, like Credit Swiss. Or it may be deliberate. Because in 2015 Mario Draghi started a banking crisis that was completely artificial to create conditions of suffocation for the Greek people and for our government. Then to say yes to predatory funds, to the energy exchange, to the Hyperfund and all that, because it's bad to have defenses against. Financial terrorism of Frankfurt because that's what Draghi did by closing the banks in 2015, financial terrorism. When you close down a country's ATMs, that's the equivalent of an act of terrorism. Does anyone disagree with that. Did it have anything to do with the actual financial situation of the country? None. I have to say this you will forgive me, but I was the only finance minister. I studied all the memoranda and I didn't sign any of them. I didn't put in a €1 tax a hundred new taxes I didn't cut €1 of pensions I didn't cut €1 of wages this will not be forgiven. How can we do it now? When others were saying yes to all 22 cuts one 30 cut the other 30 cut VAT prepayment tax increases. And so they took the New Republic trolls, they took it, they took the bit from the Demitra that says in the event of a banking crisis or if we want to get our own currency, the Demitra is a great tool to do that. Is that the reason? His reason is to breathe better within the euro. All eurozone countries should have it is the future of digital transactions for countries that don't have their own central banks. But they went to this piece to the Baroufakis again will close banks again playing with people's deposits. It's like accusing a fireman of playing with fire. By the way. And why are we doing this? They are doing us a big favor because we were found, we were given the opportunity and today between us, now let me explain Dimitra. We have done everything in our power for 4 years. To explain the demitra nobody listened to us, so the right wing trolls came up with this, why? To bash Tsipras. To break his narrative that okay, don't listen to Varoufakis now and after the elections if the pips come out we will co-govern this. The Syriza people have not been saying that for so many months for so many years. The right-wing trolls want to break this, to have him disavow us.