so you turn the whole world to the far right.To those who say lignite and dry bread mining, what is this stuff? And most of them are also broken and so I don't know if you've seen some that work, some that work but they're second hand. That's how this green washing machine talks. Biomass with what they're doing here. Which they burn. In the cement plants the garbage is being sold as a green transition. The Greek hears, hears green transition and he's like the Iraqi who is told by someone with an American accent that more democracy is needed in Iraq is hiding underneath. Are you preparing the people who will bomb it? The Iraqi you tell me with an American accent democracy is hiding says wow the US Navy cruise missiles are coming so they hear here green transition and he tells you. Wow, we're screwed. That's a crime. We are the only party that we have said no mining. There you heard me maybe some of you, some of you in the debate say you neither want mining nor do you want onshore wind turbines. Yes I don't want onshore, wind turbines. And I don't want mining. Why? It'll take 15 to 20 years to get the oil out even if he has it. Until then, who lives, who dies? There will be no economic value to oil then. The transition is happening. The wind turbines are working; the electricity, which will be generated from renewable energy sources, will be very, very cheap. But here's what we're doing exactly the wrong things, instead of having every rooftop filled with photovoltaics. Fly over Athens by plane. An infinite expanse of concrete, which is glowing in the sun. Wasted energy from below the apartments They put the air conditioner on full because they burn and burn lignite. Or gas? Instead of having photovoltaics and why don't we have photovoltaics; not wanting to have photovoltaics. He wants to put them himself where on farmland.
We are destroying agricultural land to put photovoltaics there, because the Greek land is free of charge, the farming community is bankrupt, and the European Union pays for the photovoltaics and he gets them from you. With zero marginal cost of production from this photovoltaic, he charges you as if it had been produced from the most expensive liquefied natural gas from Texas. The other guy sees it, do you see it? The PV in the pure and you hate the PV you hate the PV that is the solution? But on the rooftops not in the field and owned by the neighborhoods owned by the apartment buildings, the people living underneath the PV benefit from the PV. Photovoltaics. To produce the photovoltaics in Greece, to join, with Chinese companies, these are the good ones now in photovoltaics, yes to make the transfer. Know-how. There should be factories in the former industrial zones of Volos, Patras, Ptolemaida, Megalopolis, after the de-lignification to produce small aluminium floating wind turbines, which will be guaranteed. If we place them correctly in the Aegean and the Ionian Sea they will produce green hydrogen which is the diesel of the future. Why some say No green energy storage, nonsense green hydrogen will be the main storage in Tesla type accumulators good quality accumulators. These could be part of a new industrial green model. No one is talking no one, not democracy, not PASOK, not SYRIZA. None of them only we are talking about them and will continue to talk about them.