Citizens of Thessaloniki, we are once again joining together in this call for the struggle for democracy and justice. We are all here, present and united in this great and crucial struggle. Your presence here today is more important than ever before. As you know well in Thessaloniki, it is allowed to fall, but it is necessary to get up. And we are already up! We are on our feet, fighting for our ideals, values, and principles. We are fighting on behalf of the majority of Greek society, for justice and progress. Our weapons are our values, principles, dedication to justice, democracy, equality, and our love for humanity. Today, we are in the last turn of a difficult but beautiful battle, a crucial battle to overturn the correlations that were reflected in the ballot box of the simple proportional representation. We are all learned in these battles, accustomed to being present when democracy, the homeland, and justice demand it. No matter how much persecution, slander, or repression we face, we will continue to fight until the last second before the polls close. We know that these ballot boxes will determine who will govern this country for the next four years, with what program, means, and perspective. Sunday's elections will decide our lives for the next four years, but they will also decide the quality of our democracy. The dilemmas are tough, made tougher by the system of enhanced proportional representation, which gives a bonus of 50 seats to the first party. Because on Sunday, we do not have the second round of the previous contest.

We have a new election with a new and different electoral system. In this contest, there are only two alternative plans of governance, power, and programs being contested. These two programs reflect two different concepts and visions for Greece. Our vision, the vision of SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance, and the vision of New Democracy. Our vision is for a country and society of humanity, democracy, and justice. A country and society where all people will live and be measured equally. An economy where the wealth produced will grow and be shared fairly among citizens. A country where children and future generations will have equal opportunities for education, health, work, and progress.

A country where its citizens will not run away like dogs in the back of farm trucks because there will be ambulances and rescuers.

A country whose rule will be humanity and state support for all people, regardless of their economic capacity.

A country that does not eat its best children, does not send the police to suppress their dreams, and does not treat anyone who resists power as an internal enemy.

A country that will not trade its history and culture will not treat art as an enemy and its people as unprofessional and troublemakers.

A country with strong institutions, an entrenched democracy, and a robust welfare state. With workers who live, work, and are paid with dignity and security.

Where small and medium-sized entrepreneurs are not tax slaves enriching the cartels.

A young couple will be able to have children whenever they want, because they will have support from the state, affordable housing, decent wages, and public kindergartens for their children.

This is the country of our dreams, where a young farmer can stay in the countryside with the tools and support to earn a decent income.

A person with a disability can live, work, play, and have fun like everyone else in a country where truth is not persecuted and diversity is seen as an asset, not a handicap. The horizons of each and every person will not be determined by birth, whether they were born rich or poor, in the center or in the periphery, but will open up and expand according to their needs and potential.

This is the plan. This is our vision for Greece: a Greece of a just society and prosperity for all. Our plan stands against the programme of Mr Mitsotakis' right-wing party, which puts the profits of the few above the public interest, but also above the lives of the many. Mr Mitsotakis' programme wants growth to come through tax breaks for the few and powerful, hot money for the few and powerful, and the parallel reduction of labour costs. The eviction of the state from critical areas of social and economic life makes room for speculative funds. We are told that when the powerful and the funds increase their profits, then growth will come. And when growth comes, then we will all share the benefits together. This is the neoliberal recipe of New Democracy. But a recipe that has cost tears, blood, injustice, social destruction, wherever it has been applied on the planet. Cheap growth that leaves the great social majority on the sidelines, growth that respects neither the environment nor workers nor democracy, often neither human life nor natural nor human resources, is unsustainable growth. Unviable for the many. Doomed to produce crises, social tensions and a frightening widening of inequalities.

This is exactly why New Democracy is trying to hide the hard and brutal core of its program from the electoral debate. They have been announcing things for two months now, both in the previous elections and in this election, that they have no intention of implementing, while hiding what they do intend to implement. But lies have short legs. They do not go far. But the truth goes all the way to Brussels. Because it is there, in Brussels, that Mr Mitsotakis submitted the real government program of New Democracy two months ago - the three-year binding Stability Program. So none of his election promises are included in it.

On the contrary, there are foreseen reductions in public spending on hospitals, schools, and civil protection structures, as well as reductions in the salaries of civil servants. There is no envisaged increase in the average wage, and there will be no new recruitments in the NHS and public sector, only replacements for those who will be leaving. In short, friends and citizens of Thessaloniki, the real programme of the New Democracy provides for an even smaller, shrunken, and weaker welfare state.

It foresees a reduction in the purchasing power of wage earners. Even worse, a more degraded NHS. And while Mr Mitsotakis promises that after the NSI, he will take the NSI under his protection and upgrade it as he upgraded the NSI, and while he promises that he will personally take over the NSI, here comes the MP and candidate of the New Democracy, Mr Pneimatikos, to put things in their place. And what did he announce? He missed the truth. Reduction of public spending on the NHS, hospital mergers, closure of structures, privatisation of nursing units and screening of patients. That's the plan. The NHS will have neither the spending nor the staff to meet the needs of its citizens. And expensive treatments will be administered based on patients' life expectancy. Anyone who doesn't have the life expectancy they will set, let them go to a private hospital. And if he can't afford it, good luck to him. This is the core of neoliberal ideology, have no doubt. It's no coincidence that the pandemic centenarians were not the first in all of Europe in deaths per million population, it's no coincidence that we are first in Europe in deaths per million population.

Even Tempe was not affected, despite being forgotten three months later. These events did not occur because their ideology values human lives solely in terms of profit and damage. Their privatization efforts are leading us towards a society of barbarism. We have already chosen which side we stand on in the dilemma of "humanity or barbarism."

We stand with humanity, not with barbarism. And that, if you will, is our fundamental difference. As the great slogan of our youth says: "They talk about costs and damages, we talk about human lives." That is our fundamental difference. And you know, we do not consider color, religion, nationality, age, gender, or economic status when it comes to defending human life. That is what we have always done.

This is what we did the day before yesterday regarding the tragic shipwreck of Pylos. This tragedy resulted in over 600 people being lost in the water, a watery grave. It is the deadliest shipwreck in the modern history of our country. When we asked how and why, we were told: "Don't speak, don't ask, don't breathe, keep quiet." Why? Because they were not rich, they were oppressed, they were outlaws. Because they were not Greeks, they were not even tourists, they were refugees. Well, we answer: Whatever they were, they were people! And when it comes to human life, when it comes to people, we will be there to ask questions and defend the dignity of human life. We have an obligation to our values and our culture to speak and ask questions. No matter how much they try to take away the oxygen of democracy, we will breathe humanity and solidarity. That is why we are here, to serve values, not to count the political cost. These are precisely the values we served as a government when we made our country a synonym for humanity around the globe. We faced the biggest migrant refugee crisis Europe has seen since World War II. The image of Greece was three old grandmothers holding the babies of refugees in their arms to give them a glass of milk and some bread to eat. That was the image of Greece when the Pope, the Patriarch, and the world public opinion were describing Greece as a country of humanity. Today, we will not allow some people to turn the country synonymous with humanity into a country synonymous with barbarism!

Our differences, citizens of Thessaloniki, with our political opponents, are based on values, but they are not only in the realm of ideas. These differences are also reflected in every aspect of social and economic life. They are reflected in the everyday life of citizens, in labor relations, in eight-hour working hours, in employment rights, in health, in education, in energy, in water, and in primary housing. A few years ago, we were the ones who, with consistency, honesty, determination, and patriotism, made difficult decisions with the aim and guiding principle of protecting society and the social majority. We made difficult decisions and kept the country at the heart of Europe, in the eurozone. But today we say that this is not enough. It is not enough that we stayed in Europe. It is not enough to stay in Europe. We must finally become Europe. Because we are not Europe in wages, in rights, in the rule of law, in transparency, or in the efficiency of the state. We are not Europe in hospitals, in schools, in universities, or in infrastructure. That is why we are setting a national goal for the next four years and for the next decade, I would say, for Greece to stop deviating from the average of the countries of the European Union. To become Europe.

Which means raising per capita income, which has plummeted by a full 18 percentage points since 2007. We need to stop being at the tail end of Europe and only be compared to countries in the former Eastern Bloc. We should have Bulgarian wages and British prices because that is what Greece is today - Bulgarian wages and British prices. Wages in Sofia and prices in London. Unfortunately, becoming a part of Europe is not just about some numbers; it is reflected in people's lives, in the everyday life of our fellow citizens, in the suffocating deadlocks of many, especially young people who cannot cope with poverty, high rents, anaemic income, and job insecurity that is getting worse and worse. This is reflected in the fact that one in four people are now at risk of poverty, the collapse of the NHS, and the drain of our young scientists and graduates abroad as soon as they get their degree and leave the country.

To reverse this downward divergence from the core of European countries, a new national plan is needed to support social infrastructure and strong public and private investment. This plan is at the core of the SYRIZA Progressive Alliance programme, which is coherent, radical, but also realistic, with human resource development, healthy entrepreneurship, and justice at its core. It proposes a new model of production and economic development that makes room for innovation, knowledge, the fair distribution of resources, and the reduction of inequalities, supporting the needs of society, wage labor, small and medium-sized enterprises, farmers, stockbreeders, and young people. By closing the door to the logic of state-owned business, the bleeding of the state and the privileges of interdependence can be eliminated.

A program that aims to address poverty by increasing income. This will be achieved by raising the minimum wage to 880 euros, introducing annual indexation, and increasing the salaries of civil servants by 10%, who have not received any increases for more than 14 years.

With the CoE's decision to grant pensioners the 13th pension and retroactive payments, their return is imminent.

By reducing indirect taxes such as VAT on food and the special consumption tax on fuel, we will not be swayed by Greek Trumpists who spread the biggest lie that reducing VAT will only benefit the rich and harm the poor and middle classes.

A program that cares and does not hesitate, dares, because it takes courage to take on powerful interests. It dares to propose the taxation of super-profits, the end of obscenity, and the super-profits of energy giants and refineries, which have turned the crisis into an opportunity for enrichment and have accumulated more than 6 billion in the last year and a half.

A program that envisions and advocates strong state intervention to support the security, dignity, and rights of wage labor.

The corrected text:  It envisions a new, strong NHS and quality public education with quality public schools and universities, emphasizing research. It also includes a strong social safety net for children, mothers, young couples, the elderly, and people with disabilities.

Finally, there is a program that provides protection for first homes and addresses the housing crisis in order to prevent the largest redistribution of real estate in the country's history in favor of a few and foreign interests. This is because funds have taken 700,000 mortgages at 20% of their value and are preparing to speculate with auctions.

We contrast this program with the stance of Mr. Mitsotakis' New Democracy, which supposedly supports society, recruits, and strengthens the NHS, yet has not costed any of these measures or submitted them to the European Commission.

This is the program we tried to bring to the center of the electoral debate, but New Democracy preferred to politicize it with fake news, virtual reality, and character assassination, using its supremacy in the media, which is ranked 107th in the world.

And in order to avoid discussing our programs and positions, they did not hesitate to put even our critical and sensitive national issues at the center of the political debate in the electoral arena. The sensitive national issue of Thrace and the minority has been brought up, along with their audacity, lies, ethnic cleansing, and the NIS, which they have used as a pawn to divide the country. They have taken us back to dark times, where one side calls the other a traitor, as we have seen in the past during the Schism, National Schism, Civil War, and post-Civil War state. This Right is not the New Democracy of 2023, but rather the ERE of the 1950s, with intolerance and division, labeling their political opponents as "national exception," SYRIZA MPs as "minority," and half of the Greeks as having a "reduced national conscience."

But they got what they deserved: a lesson in responsibility, patriotism, and democracy from SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance. Mr. Mitsotakis attempted to dig the SYRIZA pit, and in the end, he himself fell into it with the irresponsible games he tried to set up and play in Thrace. And he finally scapegoated his minority candidate. After all, Mr. Mitsotakis is a specialist in scapegoats. It is always not his fault, it is someone else's fault. It was his nephew's fault for the surveillance. He didn't know. It was the stationmaster's fault for the Tempe case. It's always somebody else's fault. Now it was three people's fault. He got three in this election, he got the Spiritualist, he got Cricket, he got Katradzi. If we had one more week of the election campaign, I don't know how many people would leave the ballot papers of the New Democracy!

But it has reached the final stage of division and misery, so to speak. He sent his sister, Mrs. Bakoyannis, to Thrace not to unite but to divide, not to discuss but to threaten. He addressed the poor people of the minority and told them, "Be careful what you vote for at the next ballot box because if you don't vote for us, you will have a hard time for four years." This revealed their true colors because this message was not only for the minority but for every social group and citizen, prescribing what awaits us if New Democracy achieves its electoral goals.

So today, from the port of Thessaloniki, I want to send a message to enemies and friends from here, from our Macedonia. We, the core, the nucleus, the pillar, the basic force of the progressive and democratic Party of the country, do not play games with the homeland! Patriotism is not a partisan commodity for us. We do not put Greece on the market for a few thousand votes. We have never put political costs first, and we will never put political costs first. Instead, we will always put patriotic responsibility first, and we have proven this on our journey. We fought with the great powers of Europe, and we liberated our country from the memoranda. When our political opponents were shouting "Vasta Schaeuble" and "Gerun Gera", we did not forget that. We also established peace in the Balkans and security on our northern borders with the Prespa Agreement, and we are proud of that. However, the "Old Geruns" wore hlamys and ran to the rallies in the arms of Golden Dawn, and we do not forget that.

We remember well that rant, the savage exploitation of patriotism, the bullying of citizens, members, and MPs of SYRIZA throughout Northern Greece, and especially here in Thessaloniki, on the occasion of an agreement that they fought against and for which they called us traitors. But once they were elected and became the government, they honored it - not just kept it - they kept it and honored it. And Zoran Zaev ended up sending a letter to Mr. Mitsotakis, thanking him for how much he fought to get North Macedonia into NATO and the European Union. And rightly so, I will say. But their hypocrisy and their patriotism know no bounds. Thessaloniki, Macedonia, has been the field of their divisive arrogance, their national frivolity, their subjugation even of patriotism to party and personal agendas.

That was their stance. All for one, as long as SYRIZA is harmed. Partisanship over patriotic duty. So we do not play with our homeland. And this is the message I want to convey from here, from Thessaloniki. The second message I want to convey is that we do not play with democracy either, Mrs Bakoyannis and Mr Mitsotakis. If your aim with your threats towards minorities, these poor and defenseless people, was to intimidate and terrorize them today, and tomorrow every social category that resists, including workers, nurses, teachers, deliverymen, cultural workers, young people, and every citizen who resists, our response is: We will be here, standing up and strong, and we will stand by every social group and citizen that you target with your policies! We will be here, no matter what happens. We will stand strong to defend democracy and justice in this country!

I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for your support, your presence, and your struggle. This struggle is even more important than the triumphs we have achieved. At this moment, we are fighting the most beautiful battle. I want to make a commitment to you: we will go together until Sunday, until the last second, until the last ballot box is closed. Not a single vote will be wasted. But we will be together on Monday, continuing the fight to defend democracy and society. The struggle of SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance represents the people who have no voice, the underprivileged Greeks. We will not leave anyone alone in this struggle.

But I also want to say a few words about the parties' strategies. Our strategy is not only about the programmes being debated. Our strategy is a strategy of democracy, civil society, accountability, programmatic debate, participation, inclusion, and dialogue. The strategy of New Democracy is the opposite. They do not just want to win the elections; they want to weaken at all costs the party that may be staring them in the face the next day, SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance. Their main goal is to have a fragmented opposition of progressive and powerless parties. Their strategy can be summed up in three words: Divide and conquer! They found a great opportunity in the stance of the other progressive parties on simple proportional representation, a stance that paved the way for an unexpected electoral result for New Democracy. Because we had the hand of cooperation outstretched to the progressive forces, and they were looking at how to cut the hand of cooperation. And they didn't care that they were thus paving the way for Mitsotakis and the Right.

We were looking at how the country would move forward. We were considering the interests of the country, while they were focused on how their own field would grow. Now, we find ourselves in a difficult situation, facing an uncontrolled and unchecked right-wing. They tell us, "We don't care if the right-wing is uncontrolled and unregulated, we want to win against Syriza." Well, you will never defeat SYRIZA. SYRIZA is a mature child of necessity, not a passing trend. Unlike PASOK, we will never become a governmental complement to our political opponents. We will never support right-wing policies or conservative governments. We will also never become a protest party. Our goal is to attain power and become a party of power, to give power to the Greek people and meet the needs of the social majority. That is what sets us apart. During the previous election period, we were slapped in the face because we were looking at the prospect of progressive government and turned the other cheek. That is over now. We will no longer leave anything unanswered. We will call a spade a spade to progressive and democratic citizens.

Mitsotakis started out as a politician who wanted to be like Macron, and ended up being a politician - a carbon copy of Orban of Hungary. He has the same views on immigration policy, the same views on critical foreign policy issues, and the same management of the rule of law with predator, wiretapping, and the NIS at his beck and call. Therefore, I want to say that the only ones who can prevent the "Orbanization" of the country, the transformation of Greece into Hungary, and the transformation of Greece into a weak democracy are the Greek people with their vote on the coming Sunday.

That is why we are addressing every Greek citizen, but above all every progressive and democratic citizen, and we ask them, whatever their disagreements and reservations with SYRIZA, to support democracy on Sunday and put a brake on its derailment, on an uncontrolled regime, by supporting the only force that can put a brake on it: the SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance. Because every progressive vote, every democratic vote that this Sunday in the ballot box of the enhanced proportional representation will move away from the ballot box of SYRIZA, will not be a wasted vote. It will be a winning vote for Mr Mitsotakis and New Democracy. This is the truth. So we call on Sunday on democratic and progressive citizens to support a plan for justice, against the plan of reduced wages, rights, and expectations. To support the upgrading of public education and the dignity of its officials, and to stand up against the plan for supermarket universities. Oppose the attempt to revise the Constitution, with the aim of making not only health but also education, electricity, energy, and water into areas of speculation, with the aim of revising Article 16. Because this is what both New Democracy and PASOK, led by Mr Androulakis, are calling for. It must, therefore, stand up to these aspirations. It should stand up for the dignity and security of work. To support the prospect of a just society. To support the plan for a fair and effective state, against the state of selfishness, favors, and corruption. To support with its vote SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance. We call on every democratic and progressive citizen to do so, so that the New Democracy of Mr Mitsotakis does not receive a blank check. So on Sunday, we are fighting together to reverse the correlation. A strong Syriza means a strong society, it means a stable and healthy democracy. But we also call on every citizen who, tired of two elections, is thinking of not going to the polls. And we call on them not to remove their vote from the account of democracy. Because the vote that is removed from the ballot box of the Republic is automatically added to the ballot box of the New Republic. Every vote lost for SYRIZA is a vote won for New Democracy and Mr Mitsotakis.

So let's convince those who did not vote in May to vote in June because the correlation that will emerge on Sunday is crucial to everyone's lives. And because, you know, no contest is decided before the people have made their final decision with their vote. I therefore call on you to fight this battle to the last second, to overturn the correlations, to achieve a winning result. I invite you to go together with optimism because Syriza is not a flare. It is the representative of hope, of the social majority. Because SYRIZA has been and is here in the difficult times, so let us stand up armed with our ideas, our values, with the weapons of democracy, speech, and vote, with the justice of our positions. With these weapons, we will fight the battle on Sunday in every neighborhood, in every workplace, in every home, to reclaim every vote. I call on you to fight the battle of our ideas and values, the fight for democracy, the fight for dignity. And we will stand together. We will continue this struggle until our eternal, final victory. Be well! Good strength! Good fight! I told you from the very first moment that your presence here today is more important and more critical than any other presence. We therefore invite you to fight this battle, the battle of our ideas, of our values, the battle of democracy, the battle of social dignity. Let us fight it standing up, and we must remain on our feet. We will be here, together, fighting the battles for society. I thank you from the depths of my soul for this support, for this optimism, for this stubbornness, for this determination. Strength and fight! Goodbye!