So I would like to take the opportunity of my presence in Larissa to say a few words about what our programme provides for the production people. In the first 50 days, we are decoupling the price of wholesale electricity from the market price of gas, and we are introducing a maximum profit rate for power generation. We establish a retail price cap on electricity per megawatt hour. In this way, we are substantially reducing the price of electricity and, at the same time, we are introducing a cap on the price of agricultural and livestock electricity so that farmers and livestock farmers will stop receiving bills ten times higher than those they received in previous years, which have to do with their energy costs. We are reducing the special tax on fuel, on diesel, heating oil, petrol, natural gas, to the lowest rate in the European Union, and we are abolishing the payment of the special consumption tax on agricultural oil. The farmer and the farmer will pay less at the pump, because he will no longer pay the excise duty at the pump.We are also reducing VAT on foodstuffs to 6%. Over a four-year period, we are using available Recovery and Resilience Fund funds to complete regional and local infrastructure, and to support agricultural production. We subsidise the purchase of feed for farmers of all livestock species. We subsidise the purchase of fertiliser for farmers. We grant microcredits up to 25,000 euros, guaranteed by the Rural Development Guarantee Fund, financed by the Rural Development Programme. Finally, we are abolishing the business tax, an unfair tax burden that is imposed horizontally on professionals and businesses, and we are regulating agricultural debts in the same way as we regulate debts for first homes and business premises. In the same way, we regulate farmland debts. With the immediate lifting of seizures, with the cancellation of interest, and long-term repayment arrangements for the loans of the former Agricultural Bank. Finally, we are changing the regulation of ELGA, which we had started during the years of our government, in order to maintain its public and solidarity character. But at the same time to make it socially just and a real help to the producer's income by introducing advance payment of compensation. And we establish the bilateral equal funding of ELGA, both by the producers and by the Greek State.