When we presented the main body of our project, we provided detailed costing. Mr Staikouras told us then that no, it does not cost 5.5 billion, because how could he accept that 5.5 billion can change people's lives when they are giving 10 billion to direct awards and closed tenders. So they then costed our programme at 24 billion; when things started to get tough, the costing started to go up, it went up to 45. The day before yesterday, they took it up to 80. I'm afraid that by the time the election comes around, they might take it to 180. No matter how much they go over the costing of our program, we have one thing to say to them: That our program is going to cost things to some people, it's going to cost the funds, who are going to lose the ability to buy people's homes. It's going to cost the energy companies that have been profligate all this time. It will also cost the banks, possibly, who will not share profits. It will cost those who have a record of profitability. But it will benefit, not cost, the vast, the vast majority of Greek society. I also want to ask myself, since we are talking about costs: Is it true that the New Democracy programme costs how much? How much has its government policy cost? How much does it cost Greece, the Greeks, the Greeks and the Greek women, that they have abandoned public hospitals? How much is it costing young people to work unpaid overtime? How much is it costing the obscenity that Mr Mitsotakis premiumises and households not having enough to live on after the third week of the month? The cost of Mr Mitsotakis to the Greek people is ultimately incalculable. Because within this cost, we have to include the cost of human life, the high price we have paid.So we answer once and for all: We will not take suggestions about whether we can find the money to pay 2,000 salaries to the first-appointed doctor from you who give billions to premiumize obscenity! We will not take suggestions on whether we will restore the 13th pension to pensioners, which you cut and we gave it to them during the period of the memoranda, from you who have been subsidising big business all these years! We will not take suggestions as to whether we will give, after 14 long years, a raise to civil servants, to you who give 10 billion in subsidies to obscenity.