So, I would like to close this great, important gathering for Larissa, for Thessaly, for our struggle, by saying a few words about the meaning of voting. This is the first time we will vote by simple proportional representation. But that does not mean that we will vote loosely, we will vote without having any criterion as to what will happen in the morning. Simple proportional representation has one characteristic: The equality of the vote. But what does that mean? Whatever you vote for comes out. And it's obvious that simple proportional representation, despite what they say, is an electoral system that can and should, I will say, deliver government the next day. A government of cooperation, yes, on a programmatic basis. As all the polls, all the estimates show, the 1st and 3rd parties will be able to form a government the day after the election. That is why it is crucial which party will be the first party. If the New Democracy party is first - look, don't listen to what Mr Mitsotakis is telling you that he is supposedly going to go to a by-election. Who will risk a second election? He will not risk it. And with a half a point ahead, he will do anything to form a government. A government of rags? Yes. What did he say? One party, many colors. What does he mean? He means pressure and blackmail, he even means defections. They know the plan, they've done it before. Have no doubt, they will form a government. If Syriza is the first party, it will open the way to build another government; a government that cares about the people. A government of progressive cooperation. A government that will bring change in our lives.So that is why we are addressing all citizens and we are saying: Yes, we are voting with proportional representation, but at the same time we are voting with simple logic. And it matters which party comes first in these elections. We are also addressing all those young people, we are saying one thing to them. There are 450,000 young people from 17 to 21 who are voting for the first time in this election. And we say one thing to them: Don't let an important weapon that you have go unused. Go to the polls. Go vote. Just go. And if you all go, the New Democracy of Mr. Mitsotakis will surely be a thing of the past.