I also want to address every democratic citizen, regardless of where they belong. In this election, I want to ask him: Will you vote for democracy or for its abuser? Will you give Mr Mitsotakis the opportunity to take a blank cheque, to legitimise and continue even more uncontrolled and arrogant practices of the parastate? Or will you give democracy a breather with your vote? A vote for SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance, well, yes, it is a vote for breath to democracy! But yesterday I also heard Mr Androulakis say, for the first time so clearly, that the perpetrators of this parastate should be held accountable to justice. It is right and proper and reasonable. I wonder, however, if he has not realised that this will never happen with the New Republic in government in this country. I also wonder how he does not understand that the only way justice can be done is one: To decisively and definitively defeat the government of eavesdropping and cover-up and in its place, on May 22, a progressive coalition government should take the reins on the day after the elections. To give space and breath to the independence of the judiciary. To investigate the scandal and, if necessary, put the perpetrators of the parastatal in the dock. But I want to put it as simply and as clearly as possible: the wiretapping state is in the dock and, at the same time, the possibility of cooperation with the high priest of the wiretapping state is not possible. The two are not compatible. They are not compatible with common sense. But we are sure that the sovereign Greek people will provide answers to all this. And it is the Greek people who, with their verdict on 21 May, will pave the way for a government of progressive cooperation. Because things are very simple: Yes, it is a simple proportional representation, but that does not mean that simple logic does not exist. Whoever comes first has the first say in forming a government. SYRIZA first and by a wide margin means that the way is open for the formation of a progressive government on May 22. Seeing your determination, your dynamism, I will answer: Larissa, hold firm, let the Right fall! With SYRIZA's dynamic lead in your region, we will pave the way for a government of progressive cooperation in the next elections.