I would like to warmly thank you for your patience in overcoming, above all, the weather difficulties. It seems that someone has cursed us, but we do not complain. It is not a great difficulty to get a little wet, "he who is wet is not afraid of the rain". We are fighting on the front lines and we do not mind getting a little wet.

Friends, we have taken the decision once again to focus our attention on what we believe is perhaps one of the most critical issues for the majority of society: the issue of public health. I believe that this is one of the issues that should, if not monopolize, at least be a central issue in the electoral debate in view of the crucial elections on 25 June. I say this because, unfortunately, the previous debate in view of the elections on 21 May, in the context of the simple proportional representation, unfortunately did not focus at all on the major, critical problems that concern and concern the social majority.  

We should have had three dramatic and extreme incidents last week, but not so random. Three incidents resulted in the deaths of our fellow citizens, which could have been avoided if the ambulance service had been working effectively and meeting the real needs of the population. These incidents brought reality back into focus. And what is the reality? The National Health System is in a state of complete collapse today. This is the truth that all citizens who have contact with the health system, especially those in popular areas, middle, and grassroots, know all too well.

Each and every one of us, especially during the pandemic period and afterwards, has been to a public hospital and has witnessed this collapse. Perhaps this image of collapse is not present in other suburbs of Athens, where they have the financial means to access private health services. But those of us who live in the real world and not in a parallel universe know what the situation is in public hospitals. The NHS has almost collapsed. Let me say that this was a conscious choice. New Democracy decided not to increase public spending on the NHS, while all over Europe budgetary commitments and constraints were lifted precisely for this reason.

Because of the pandemic, efforts were made to address the crisis and strengthen health systems. It is not surprising that Greece had one of the worst indicators and highest numbers of losses in proportion to its population in Europe at the end of the pandemic crisis. This is likely due to Mr. Mitsotakis's New Democracy plan for public health, which was not fully implemented in the previous four years due to the pandemic suspending its implementation.

But there is no doubt that if New Democracy wins the next election and becomes the government, this plan will be implemented. Part of this plan was unwittingly revealed by an otherwise excellent scientist, but faithful to neoliberal views and concepts of public health, of health as a whole, Mr. And what is this plan? It is the plan to transform our country's hospitals into Private Legal Entities, to close public structures, to further reduce public spending on healthcare, even on patient screening. And if we did not have time to shudder, as Mr Mitsotakis promised us in Parliament just before the pandemic, announcing his plan for public healthcare on a pilot basis - he said at the time that he would proceed with the public-private partnership in three large public hospitals - even if we did not have time to shudder then, we shudder now when we hear these statements.

We shuddered because of what Mr Pneumatikos said. He talked about cost-benefit analysis in terms of medical operations, from which cost-benefit analysis will emerge when we draw the red line between life and death. But that is the extreme neoliberal plan of the New Democracy for healthcare. It is a cynical utilitarianism that ignores the fact that every human being is unique and unrepeatable, has intrinsic value as a person, and cannot be weighed in the balance. We cannot measure their life by economic parameters.

But on the other hand, to be honest, isn't that what the New Democracy government did during the pandemic and immediately afterwards? While we, as a country and as a society, had the fiscal capacity, as I said before, but also the political obligation, I would say, to support the National Health System and to use long-term investments to exploit the possibility of overcoming its pathogenesis, after a decade-long crisis that left the health system badly damaged. But the choice that was made was not, I repeat, when the potential was there. The choice was to turn the National Health System into a single disease system, without even adequate support in terms of staff and infrastructure. With the obvious aim of favouring the private health sector and, in particular, certain large medical-hospital market interests.

I want you to hold back a number because I often like to say that one of the national goals that the country should have for the next four years, or even the next decade, is to converge and stop diverging from the European average. Since 2009, the beginning of the crisis, the country has been losing ground. This is clearly shown in the comparison of the country's ability to generate per capita income. In 2007, the country was at 77% of the European average in terms of income per capita, but in 2022, it has fallen to 59%. We are moving away from Europe and have been surpassed by countries that were once below us.

While we solved an existential issue during the great debt crisis, which was whether we would remain in Europe - or more precisely, whether we would remain in the euro - and we solved it thanks to the bold and difficult, very difficult, and costly political decisions we made in 2015, today the stakes are no longer whether we will stay in Europe, but whether we will become Europe. In other words, whether we will stop this course of divergence and cease to be the tail end of the European family. As long as income continues to shrink and important social infrastructures, particularly public health, are being dismantled, we are drifting away from Europe.

So I was saying that I want to give you a number that I think is of great value and importance. In Europe, the average private health expenditure is 15%. In Greece, private health expenditure is 35%. Public health expenditure per capita in Greece is almost twice as low as the European average. What does this mean? That there is a huge room for profit in Greece. Where? In healthcare.

One after another, large private hospitals are springing up and funds are investing a lot of money, not for strategic investments, but for speculative investments. It is a concept that says healthcare is a commodity. For it to be a commodity, the state must slowly withdraw, the public space must shrink, private space must expand, and access to private space is always based on economic opportunity.

Withdrawing the state means cutting spending and withdrawing the ability to spend money on healthcare. How will the neoliberal plan of the New Democracy deal with this? They plan to use public-private partnerships, dismantle public structures, and cut costs, even if it means denying expensive medicine to those with a negative prognosis and life expectancy in favor of those with a better prognosis. This is cynicism!

We come with a completely different concept. Our concept states that some things in life cannot be sold or bought because they are values in themselves. Health is one of those values that we consider non-negotiable. We have witnessed the impact of the pandemic and its aftermath. I will provide you with one number, as I do not want to overwhelm you with statistics. We have delivered the National Health System with 6,500 more permanent doctors and nurses than it currently has, despite the pandemic crisis and the realization of the Greek society that we need to strengthen the NHS.

About two years ago, if I remember correctly, during the second lockdown, we organized a big event at that time - without people, of course. Through the internet, we had contact with the citizens. We presented our positions on the new National Health System and the need to transition to a new, strong health system. I went back to my notes from that event and found that I had said the following verbatim: "The image of a healthcare system has gone far beyond its limits, and if it holds up, it holds up because of the superhuman efforts of its people. That image no one can refute."

Just as no one could claim - as I was saying then - today (two years later) that public hospitals are useless and that it would be good to tear down a couple of them, as some politicians and journalists said in the media before the 2019 elections.

And no one today - I thought at the time - has the courage to bring back to the table the plans to transform public hospitals into private legal entities for better partnership with private individuals, which was the election program of New Democracy. However, I would add, I am sure that very soon, perhaps on the very first day after the pandemic, some people will easily forget all that reality itself has revealed to us and will forget it because it is a question of values and priorities. Whether our value is the human being, whether our value is life, or whether our value is profit.

I was saying that two years ago, back when no one dared to come out and say that this is the program. Unfortunately, I was confirmed to the hilt. Immediately after the end of the pandemic, the great reform began. The transformation of hospitals into legal entities under private law began, the full and exclusive employment of NHS doctors was abolished, and the institutional conditions for the invasion of private interests in the health sector were created. And just today, Mr Mitsotakis, instead of apologizing for this whole picture, the state of the NHS after four years of his government, has just blurted out that he is thinking of supposedly solving the problem of the EKAV. How? By hiring private helicopters from abroad to come in and do evacuations. Careful, this is not a joke. It's a method: first, we devalue and then we start handing out contractors.

What will be decided in the June 25th elections is not the future of the parties or the distribution of seats. What will be decided is our lives. The existence of the National Health Service is at stake. Its very existence.

I want to say to you, friends and comrades, that we have demonstrated both our intentions and our effectiveness in difficult circumstances. When we had to account to the Troika for the last euro, what did we do? We negotiated vigorously and exploited every opening we found for the benefit of society.

Under the conditions of the memorandum, we abolished Mr Georgiades' five-euro system and ensured full medical and pharmaceutical care for two and a half million uninsured citizens. New Democracy restricted this provision after the memoranda, leaving hundreds of thousands of freelancers and farmers without pharmaceutical coverage from doctors contracted with the Greek National Health Insurance Fund. We also hired 19,000 new staff, despite the memoranda, and started permanent recruitment procedures. We brought the hospitals' finances back to normal, which we handed over for the first time with a real surplus. Today, their current deficit exceeds EUR 1 billion. We strengthened the infrastructure of hospitals with modern machinery and launched the great reform to finally give the country a modern primary health care system, establishing 127 Local Health Units. Mr Mitsotakis was telling us that what we want to build is a Soviet model, as his party used to say about the NHS when it was being established in the 1980s. The New Democracy Party said at the time that it was 'Soviet-style health care' and voted against it.

I want to say that it is crucial and important for people to realize the difference in philosophy between our concept of healthcare and the neoliberal concept. With these introductory remarks, I would like to present our plan for the new NHS that Greek society needs. This new NHS will obey specific strategies, priorities, and hierarchies.

First priority: Strengthening and reorganizing the NHS for equity and justice in health, with a focus on primary healthcare coverage. Upgraded and safe operation of public health structures for staff and patients.

Second priority: Investing in the human resources of the NHS, because the NHS is its people, its doctors, and its nurses. These are the people who struggle to save lives in adverse conditions, and I believe that human resources are a critical part. Therefore, reversing the trend of resignation and flight of medical personnel, drastically reducing the brain drain with a framework of remuneration, working conditions, training, and scientific development of young health professionals, will enable them to stay in the country. This will prevent young doctors from leaving abroad, where they can find salaries three or four times higher.

We are also convinced that the third strategic point is that public health must be a parameter in all policies. This calls for the reorganization of Public Health Services and intersectoral-interministerial cooperation in all critical areas (environmental protection, tackling the climate crisis, occupational health and safety, school health, food safety, road safety, sexual health, addictions... the whole cycle), with the aim of health protection of society and the country, as a critical prerequisite for equitable and resilient development.

The fourth strategic priority for us is to build a new public-private sector relationship in the direction of its subsidiary function with the NHS. The aim is to expand coverage of needs and reduce the burden on citizens, with a new framework of EOPYY contracts with private parties and safeguards to prevent restructuring of the health market.

Finally, our fifth strategic priority is to eliminate health inequalities and ensure equal access for all, regardless of income, with positive discrimination in favor of vulnerable groups, vulnerable populations, and those living in remote island regions. These strategic objectives are specified in the 12 individual program commitments that make up our health program, which I will briefly refer to because the next speakers will specify them in detail.

1st programmatic commitment: The restoration of the public character of the NHS, including the repeal of New Democracy's laws on doctors' labor relations and the privatization of the system. This involves restoring full and exclusive employment of doctors, Legal Entities of Public Law, and Fixed Term Contracts for cleaning, security, and catering in hospitals.

Programmatic commitment 2: We discuss the necessity of creating new public services for citizens. No villager should be without guaranteed coverage for their modern health needs. This includes Primary Health Care, family doctor home and community care, emergency medical rehabilitation, mental health, oncology care, oral health, occupational medicine, geriatric care, palliative care, and assisted reproduction. We give particular attention to a number of critical issues that concern society as a whole.

3rd programmatic commitment: Addressing the staffing crisis in the NHS with an automatic and permanent mechanism to fill vacancies due to retirement. With regard to contract staff, all contract staff who were on the front line during the pandemic should be granted tenure. This is a moral commitment for us. They were applauded by people on balconies, remember? And later their reward was to have them ready to leave the system altogether. And then came the riot police. First, there was applause on the balconies, and then the carpazzi! That was the evolution. So we have a moral obligation to proceed with the tenure of the people who were on the front line. But beyond that, our plan is to move forward in the four-year period with 15,000 targeted recruitments, new medical specializations, support for scientific research, and a new framework for cooperation between the National Health System and our public universities.

4th programmatic commitment: The generous wage upgrade of doctors, as well as other NHS workers. An introductory salary of 2,000 euros will be provided for designated doctors. Otherwise, a young scientist who has spent half their life on the bench and can find a triple or quadruple salary in Cyprus or another country of the European Union will have no reason to join the National Health System. We recognize the need to include nurses in the heavy and unhealthy category and commit to doing so. We acknowledge the need for a new package of incentives (labor, economic, social, educational, scientific development) to attract medical staff to the NHS, with a special focus on hard-to-reach island regions, as well as specialties that are in short supply and lean departments and clinics throughout the country.

5th programmatic commitment: The completion of the reform of Primary Health Care, and in particular, the institution of the family doctor, with high priority given to strengthening public structures such as Health Centres, Local Health Units, and Regional Clinics. This will be achieved by setting up additional Local Health Units throughout the country, reaching a total of 380, and by using private family doctors under contract with EOPYY as a subsidiary measure. We also recognize the need to network public Primary Health Care structures with the social services of municipalities and community mental health structures, in the context of integrated health and psychosocial care, with a focus on the community and a shift towards prevention and health promotion.

6th programmatic commitment: Strengthening the budgets of both the NHS and EOPYY with the ultimate goal of reaching the European average level of health expenditure, which is 7.5%, compared to Greece's current level of 5%. Our priority should be to recruit 700 rescuers for the ambulance service, as they have not been hired despite the hiring of 300 permanent staff during the memorandum period. In the last four years, 560 staff have left and there has not been a single permanent recruitment. Despite this, money was allocated to hire 1,000 police officers for the university police, but not for the ambulance service. Therefore, it is a matter of priorities.

7th programmatic commitment: The drastic reduction of private healthcare spending. I have made a parenthesis at the beginning to explain the difference between the European average and what is happening in our country. How will this happen? Through the reduction of co-payments for medicines and increased coverage of needs that are borne by households (such as laboratory tests, physiotherapy, rehabilitation, dental care, dedicated nurses, special education, etc.), either through public structures or through additional benefits from the EOPYY. It is the synergy of state and social security resources that can guarantee universal and equitable health coverage in practice.

8th programmatic commitment: A new Health Charter and institutional reorganization of the NHS based on modern population, transport, and epidemiological data of the country. This will be achieved without closing hospitals and shrinking clinics and departments, but with synergies of structures and a comprehensive upgrade of the care provided.

9th programmatic commitment: It concerns the reduction of health care inequalities between the Centre and the Region, which we refer to as the "Health Equivalent", particularly for island regions. This entails providing special incentives to attract doctors to arid, inaccessible, island areas, as well as introducing a "Health Equivalent" to compensate citizens for services they need to travel outside their place of residence to access. It is a crucial vision for our island citizens, following the transport parity vision that we have already realized, with the special contribution of our late comrade Nektarios Santoriniou.

10th programmatic commitment: It concerns democratic and participatory governance in the National Health System. It is based on the principles of democracy and social responsibility. It involves the democratic system of the National Health Service, with transparency, public accountability, and social control of patients' representatives in hospital administrations, social consultation, and democratic planning bodies in each MHRA. These bodies will prioritize the needs of health service recipients and ensure the fair distribution of resources and their social responsiveness.

Program Commitment 11: Establishing a mechanism to assess the health needs of the population and systematically monitor health inequalities.

The twelfth programmatic commitment, but not the last, is our commitment to a National Health Infrastructure Plan for the gradual upgrade of facilities and equipment in the National Health System. This will be achieved through a special financial instrument provided by the Recovery and Resilience Fund, NSRF programmes, the European Investment Bank, and, of course, the Public Investment Programme.

These are the programmatic commitments of SYRIZA on Health for the next four years, dear friends. However, I want to conclude by saying a few words about the battle for public health. The battle for public health is not a trench battle, a defensive battle, or a battle to preserve acquisitions. It is a mistake to view it in that way. In my opinion, it is a battle of horizons and perspectives, but it is also taking on the character of an existential battle nowadays.

In fact, the question we have to answer as citizens, as voters, as a society in these elections, is not simply which party we want to govern us, but what kind of society we want. What kind of society do we want our country's future to be? Do we want "a just society with prosperity for all," as our motto says? A society of solidarity and dignity, or do we want a society that will give in to the tendency systematically cultivated by the market and by the media system, so that we end up with a fight of all against all? In what some people call "social automatism."

We have answered this dilemma, and that is why we are sticking to our answer: we choose the first one - a society of prosperity for all and a society of solidarity. We insist on the former, despite the ideologues of pessimism and the 'naturalness' of social inequalities. Because we are told that "inequalities are natural," but we say no - inequalities are not a natural phenomenon. Equality, justice, and solidarity are natural phenomena. That is a natural phenomenon. This society of widening inequalities is a monstrosity. We will continue the struggle for equality and justice without compromise and without giving up. And we will continue this struggle, no matter what it takes, no matter what happens, until we win it. Be well, thank you very much.