Friends, compa単eras and compa単eros, tonight we can now say it with certainty: On Sunday the KKE can become even stronger! This is how it must be and this is how it will be. We will see to it, giving our best in the coming days and hours until the polls close.  So on Sunday, the KKE can become even stronger! Yesterday Patras said so, the day before yesterday Thessaloniki, Heraklion, Lamia. Athens is shouting it today, with this huge, shocking, red-hot gathering of people and youth here in Syntagma, in the heart of Athens, in the heart of Greece: KKE strong so that the people can be strong.Yes, so that the people can be strong, that's what more and more workers, working class people, people of the working class, schoolchildren, students who are approaching our party for the first time are choosing. Because they see, they feel that if hope remains alive and bright, it is because the KKE has kept it alive and continues to keep it alive, with its attitude, with its action and above all with its political proposal that gives a way out and a perspective to the people!

Let the people be strong, say the messages of optimism coming from workplaces, neighbourhoods, schools and colleges. Because more and more people now know that a new anti-people's government is about to be formed. They may delay it a little, but it will be built by parties that share the goals of capital that is why they have a common government program. This is now a done deal. They will form a government as they did in the past, when PASOK went with ND and all together first with LAOS and then with DIMAR, when SYRIZA went with the far-right ANEL and together with ND and PASOK they loaded us with a third barbaric memorandum. They will do their job, they will form a government. And we will do ours! We will strengthen the stable, confident, militant opposition, the KKE!

They alone and all of us! They alone should be in a hurry to legislate the more than 300 unpopular preconditions of the Recovery Fund that are in their drawers, in order to finance directly the needs of the business groups and not, of course, the needs of the people and the youth. Running to catch the numbers and targets for the "investment grade" on top of the crushed rights of workers and their squeezing. To put various cosmetic adjectives, even colours, in front of the notorious "development" to cover up the fact that capitalist development is black and crude, because it stems from exploitation and increases the deadlocks in the lives of the people.They alone can compete with each other to see who and how to implement more effectively the commitments to the US and NATO butchers, commitments that the people will pay for, both literally and metaphorically.

The great popular majority, by organizing our struggle everywhere to give our people a breathing space from the suffocation of the anti-people's measures, to put obstacles to new anti-people's measures, to delay any negative development against us, to have conquests and individual victories. And above all, through all this, to pave the way for the overall satisfaction of the modern social needs of the people.   All this can only happen in one way: with a strong KKE, so that the people, the working people's movement, can be strong. In this "all of us", more and more working people, working people, young people, see themselves, who are not anxious about what will come out of the bargaining of the bourgeois political system, about which anti-people's government will take the baton, about who will cooperate with whom. And they now realize that the "one goes and the other comes" of the same ilk always turns out to be "one worse than the other". More and more people are taking a stand in this "all of us", who now arrive at the ballot box with the criterion, not who and with whom they will govern, as the ND, SYRIZA and closely followed by PASOK are blackmailing, but who will face them! That is why, without a second thought, even without agreeing with us on everything, they choose the KKE ticket.  And many more, we know that they have almost decided, together with people close to them, to turn their backs on the parties of the system that brought us to this point, they end up voting for the KKE for the first time in their lives. Let them do it! That's what we are telling them from this magnificent gathering! You are not alone! There are many thousands of young people, and even older people who think like you. Make your thought your decision and your decision your action on Sunday. Go to the ballot box with the red ballot paper of struggle, of hope, of optimism. Make it a surprise! And the surprise can only be the electoral percentage of the JCD! Pleasant for the people, unpleasant for the enemies of the people.

Let ND, SYRIZA, PASOK and others share the roles of winners and losers among themselves. You, however, will be the winners, because strengthening the KKE is a gain for the people and their struggles.You know that! The vote for the KKE stays with the KKE, it is not changed, it is not redeemed, it is not bargained. Every vote in the KKE will be deposited in every workplace the next day, to increase the wage, to prevent any dismissal, to sign a collective agreement. Every vote for the KKE adds a link to the human chain of struggle for the survival of the self-employed professional, the self-employed farmer. It increases the human chain of solidarity, so that the people's family does not lose its home, so that its children have all the necessary things, their education, their health care, their sports, their culture. Every vote for the KKE will remain on the ramparts of the struggle, of the defence of the dikis, who "will not settle for less sky".

After all, during these 4 years, many times we were all together in the streets of struggle and they were alone in the chairs of power.How else were collective agreements signed with wage increases in a number of areas?How else were anti-employer plans of the employers cancelled by the workers of COSCO, E-food, LARCO? How a spark created whole pockets of resistance in important workplaces and sectors, which became a reference point for the whole working class?With a hard class, unyielding struggle and a clear understanding that for the workers to win, capital must lose. How were people's houses saved, and auctions and evictions cancelled? Was it by choosing between plans that have at their core the stability of the banking system and the profitability of the funds, the crows? NO! They were saved when the people turned to their unions, to the neighbourhood, to the communist deputies and, together, kicked out the crows.How did unjust laws and provisions, such as the law on the restriction of demonstrations by Chrysochoidis or most of the provisions of the Hatzidakis law, remain on paper? How did the students manage to withdraw the thoughts of police entry into universities? Was it by voting in favour of 50% of the ND laws, as SYRIZA did, or 70%, as PASOK did? Or maybe by waiting for "conditions to mature" and another "muff" supposedly progressive government to come along and abolish these laws, as it did, supposedly, with the memoranda?

No. The struggling people did it without expecting anything from above. It did it by looking where the struggle is organized, in the unions, in the associations, in the struggle committees. It did it by fighting daily against this barbaric policy and the repression that accompanies it. By disobedience and indiscipline against unjust laws. By putting forward his right. And by putting into practice "only the people save the people".This is how our lives are improved directly. And all these examples have one thing in common: that the communists gave their best, were the mind, heart and organizer of these struggles. With a stronger Communist Party, these struggles can become even stronger, more effective. There on the front line in every workplace, in every neighbourhood, everywhere where a battle of our people is being fought, will be the KKE deputies.

Ladies and friends Compa単eras and compa単eros At the ballot boxes on Sunday, we want to meet again with those who were with us in the popular struggles of the past four years. We want to be with those who voted for the forces of the KKE wherever and whenever ballot boxes were set up during these four years: The hundreds of thousands of public and private sector workers who made us a second force in the GSEE and ADEDY. The workers of Athens who made us the first force in the largest labour centre of the country and in other labour centres that changed hands after years, that massed workers' unions, formed struggle committees. To meet again with the pensioners who never gave up the struggle for a decent life, with the parents, teachers and students, who met in the mobilizations for the obvious in a school that exterminates instead of educating our children. With the artists who fought through their unions for their labour rights, for an artistic education up to the level of modern needs. Because the KKE is the force that has put its stamp on culture, with struggles, ideas and actions.

To meet again with the thousands of students who for the second time have made the Panspoudasistiki, the party supported by the KNE, the leading force in the student elections, leaving the GDR of the New Democracy Party in second place, with a ten point difference, giving courage and strength to old and young fighters.You all know by now, from your great experience with those who have governed until today, that nothing has changed and nothing is as it used to be! Nothing has changed in the strategy of ND, SYRIZA, PASOK and the rest. They may start from a different starting point, they may take some detours, but the destination remains the same for everyone: The voracious profits of big capital that leaves only scraps and misery for the people. This is the criterion on which they have based their programmes, which is why the titles in the contents are the same. This is the yardstick by which they price their supposed benefits, which is why they always add an 'if'. "If" the capitalist economy holds up, "if the fiscal balance is not disturbed"... and so on. They measure the needs of the people and because, they say, they cost too much, they have already written them off. They have long since been written off by the rotten system of exploitation that is cowering in its deadlocks, which is why it is getting worse and worse for the people... And let Mitsotakis, Tsipras and, closely followed by Androulakis, say whatever they want. No matter what they say, no matter how they say it, the workers are on to them

That's why Mr Tsipras is screaming that we are putting him in the same bag as Mitsotakis. But he put himself in the bag when he voted for the 3rd brutal memorandum, making use of the tolerance offered to him by ND and PASOK at the time... And then, as the opposition, he stood back and voted for the 200 unpopular bills of ND. This is what former voters of SYRIZA see today, abandoning him and looking to the KKE. No further proof is needed. The needle has been stuck in the 1950s for the last few weeks. To the "what Plastiras, what Papagos" that Tsipras monotonously repeats to attack the KKE. I guess, Mr. Tsipras, in keeping with historical proportions, claims to be the successor of Plastira; but we are the successors of Nikos Belogiannis, who was sent to the firing squad by Plastira, the Americans and the Palace.

Lately, we have been watching another repulsive confrontation... Between the two parties of social democracy, SYRIZA and PASOK, over the legacy of Andreas Papandreou! Tsipras and Androulakis have taken the slogan of "Change" and are carrying it around from rally to rally. As you can understand, it is not our business, nor do we have any anxiety to make a conclusion, about who is the legal heir, who has the high ownership and who has the usufruct. But we want to appeal to the Greek people with their democratic, progressive and militant traditions.They are playing with your feelings! They are playing with your memory! They want to make you look to the distant past to steal your vote and then turn it against you. Many may look back on the past with nostalgia, but the reality, whether we like it or not, is that there is no going back to the past. 2023 is not 1981. This system, which was served for years by PASOK, and more recently by SYRIZA from government positions, has now become so rotten, so reactionary, that it can no longer concede anything to the people, unless they impose it themselves through their struggle.

Now, in fact, ND and SYRIZA have found a new trope. The special purpose government. SYRIZA to fish in murky waters that a government can be formed on 4 and 5 issues, while the governments are all general and not special purpose. And the South-Western party is taking the pass to promote its own blackmail about instability and ungovernability. But we answer them: They have not been slaughtered and we are not going to fall for their nonsense! They are all on to them now! Yes, friends! In the end, nothing has changed in the strategy of the parties contesting the seat of government, but nothing is the same as it used to be. Because along with a crime, the crime in Tempe, we have also witnessed in our country and great mobilisations all over Greece. Hundreds of thousands of people and youth flooded the streets and squares all over the country... The people's rage, which in the ballot box can only be expressed in one way. Because we promised it, we are doing it and we will continue to do it: this crime, for which all the governments of the last 15 years are responsible, as it has been proven, we will not let it be forgotten. Now that almost no one else wants to talk about it anymore, we insist that the motto of these demonstrations be answered: 'Their profits or our lives'! The New Democracy, Syriza, PASOK and the rest answer. We, the KKE, answer firmly, militantly, decisively: Our lives! And we give this answer every day with our attitude, with our action and with our Program. Because only the Programme of the KKE reads in big letters: satisfaction of modern needs! This is the Programme of the KKE, a programme of people's power - governance that takes us out of the present "vicious circle", out of the recurrent deadlocks of this system.

This is the programme that we openly present to the people and we are ready to serve it, when the people choose it, when they decide to actively come forward to follow this path, and to be truly in power themselves. The KKE has a scientifically elaborated Program for the social ownership of all those means that produce wealth in our country, the factories, big business, the ports, the airports, the railways. To operate, no longer for the profit of each "investor" - robber, but to meet social needs. It has a programme to exploit the central scientific planning of the economy, in order to make the most of the productive potential, the labour and scientific potential of the country, to eliminate unemployment. This power, and the economy, will be based on the active role of the workers, who, through their place of work, through their assemblies, will decide on everything, will elect their representatives, up to the highest, national level, whom they will be able to recall at any time when they are not doing their job well. For this, then, for the great and beautiful, the great and exciting, socialism, the KKE can today assume great responsibilities. This is what those who felt left-wing, progressive, democrats have always done. They took great responsibilities by making great sacrifices in the movement, in the struggles. That is what we are doing today.

We take the responsibility to go against the pressures of this whole rotten system, its blackmail, to keep the people tied down and manipulated. The organization of the struggle, the counter-attack of the workers, of the popular movement. We assume the responsibility to fight against the transformation of our country into a vast US-NATO base, its participation in the imperialists' massacre in Ukraine. Because in this country, the imperialists know that they will always be unwelcome, they know that their plans will be hindered and delayed, no matter how good relations they have built up with the parties of the system.We take responsibility and take important initiatives to build solid relations with other peoples, we express our solidarity with the struggling peoples, with the Communist Parties struggling throughout Europe, from all corners of the world. We know that the strengthening of the KKE will give strength to the workers who are on strike in France, to the German workers who are demanding collective agreements with increases and are opposed to Mr Tsipras' friend, the so-called "progressive" government of Scholz.

Friends and friends, comrades, that is why we fight and sing! We are carrying out a huge task, a great intervention of the Party in the field of culture. Because a strong people means having strong resistance to the rotten values that this rotten system generates and maintains. It has been amply confirmed in this period that only the KKE and the KNE can make the breakthrough against subculture and the attempt to embellish this barbarism that the system attempts through art. We can and do give impetus, inspiration and a platform to new artistic creation. Because the KKE is the Party that goes beyond, as Stavros Xarchakos said, for the good of the people, of the youth, to raise the boot of our people higher.Such great responsibilities are assumed by the KKE, holding high the same flag of struggle, of selflessness, of collectivity, of real progress. The same flag was raised by thousands of leftists, progressives in the past years. We are addressing all of you who still cry when you hear our beloved Thanos Mikroutsikos say, from the podium of his last concert at the 2019 KNE Festival, that: "Things are law, they change. The point is to change them in the right direction. I can only promise you a little bit: Until the end, I will be here!".We are addressing all of you, who shudder when reading the political will of our great Miki Theodorakis. Because many of you felt that he was also speaking for you, when he wrote that the details fade from his mind and the "big things" remain! These big things unite us in the streets of the struggle. They can also unite us on Sunday at the ballot box.

So let us come together on the road of honesty, consistency, the struggle for a better tomorrow for the many. Leave alone those who invite you to settle for less and less, for a life that does not correspond to the possibilities of our times. They are alone and we are all alone! Because only the people can save the people, with the KKE in front!We all walk together, because we all have a class bias. We are not divided by the colour, religion, gender, origin, sexuality and orientation of each and every one of us, by what we voted yesterday and the day before yesterday.  We are all of us totally opposed to any kind of racism, fascism, violence and repression, capitalist barbarism.Friends, you are contributing to the increase of the KKE's percentage in all of Greece! To elect many more militant KKE deputies! To increase the KKE's percentage everywhere, and in the 9 single-member constituencies of the country! Don't listen to anyone who tells you that this is a wasted vote. Every vote for the KKE adds up to its nationwide percentage and sends more communist, militant MPs to parliament, nationwide. Lost is every vote to the ruling parties of ND, SYRIZA, PASOK and their various complements, such as MERA 25 and El. We can and we will succeed! To revive hope again, with a strong KKE!Goodbye good strength to all!