I would like to thank you for being here today. Everyone here started in Messolonghi. We are in Agrinio now, and tomorrow we will be in the city of Ioannina, going door to door and house to house, talking to every Greek individually. Tomorrow morning, we will also go to the city market. We feel that we have to do this because making a speech between cheese and pears, between fans and clankers, is not enough. We want to listen to all the Greek Independents and talk to them.

What we need to comment on is the latest developments in the Pneumatikos case. The Pneumatikos case proves that New Democracy has neither wit nor decency, above all. And I say this because Pneumatikos should have been dismantled in the first place, as his statement defines the inhumanity of the matter. Therefore, since yesterday, the Minister should have taken initiatives. He delayed long enough. It is probably social outcry and popular anger that led him to dismiss the Spiritualist. But to really talk about all that's going on in healthcare, it would take five or six hours. I will say just one thing, and that is what defines our perception: unfortunately, public health has become the den of bribes for New Democracy, PASOK, and SYRIZA. It is well known that the offices of MPs and ministers are patient service offices. Desperate citizens are looking for a bed or an ICU, and as a result, they ask for a bribe. They call and beg to find a bed in hospitals, when it goes without saying that they should have this benefit because they pay contributions. On the other hand, it is well known to everyone that the New Republic is geared towards privatization of healthcare, no matter if the minister is lying once again that he is not aiming for that. Proof of the facts and what we are saying is that about 70% of the private clinics in Athens are owned by a company related to the Prime Minister's entourage. It's also well known for those who want to see the truth that ambulances are a new business. Now, for three years, there are private companies that transport patients, which means that if you don't have money, you will die without an ambulance, as people are dying in Greece today. This means that, again, a private company wants to take over all this work. It's too much money.

But you cannot leave the Greek people without hospitals and healthcare. It is unthinkable that you have appointed 3700 post-employees in your country and you cannot appoint 500 physicians. I'm just saying it. So, it was New Democracy's priority to accommodate its own children, and the children of Greece are dying without ambulances and healthcare. This health report could take hours to discuss. I am not optimistic because the aim of New Democracy, I repeat, is to privatize healthcare and trivialize public healthcare. For us, medicines, healthcare, and the health of Greeks must be public, but above all, I will say it once again with benefits, no fairy tales, no suffering for the Greek people.

I would also like to comment on the Prime Minister's statement, which is now being used for blackmail. He claims to want self-reliance, but that is a lie. The truth is that he wants hegemony so he can manipulate the Constitution to his liking. The rest of his talk about fear of losing self-reliance is just a ploy to scare Greeks into voting for his party. We are completely against this, as democracy cannot coexist with blackmail. Furthermore, I must tell the Prime Minister that if he wants to rule with 180 MPs and turn Greece into Syria, we will continue to hold elections until the end of time. I find his desire to become a ruler again unthinkable.

On the other hand, the statement of better wages, less taxes, fiscal stability, consistency, equality, and growth for all is a laughing stock for every bitter person. It is a statement by a failed prime minister, so if he says he will do the next four years and the last one means he failed the last one and is now asking for a second chance to implement them.

I am not particularly optimistic because the Prime Minister's lies are overflowing, and I will give an example on Tuesday, the 15th. The European Union Commission meets with a green light from all governments to give money, European Union funds to Skopje. The Prime Minister said during the election campaign that he would veto it if the Skopjeans violate the treacherous Prespa agreement. They have violated it about 200 times, and even now, the Prime Minister does not veto it. Let the Greek people answer for the betrayal of Macedonia. SYRIZA bears a large share of the responsibility, but the continuation of the crime is being done by the New Republic. And this is something to seriously consider two days before the first one is done.

I also have to say something that has escaped our attention. The Prime Minister is anxious about how New Democracy will fare in Northern Greece, as demonstrated by the fact that he has sent the so-called right-wing "patriots" Voridis and Georgiades there. They want them to worship Adonis on Mount Athos. He can be in the meteor, he can send it, and I know the Buddha temple is capable of doing anything just to steal and instrumentalize the Christian faith. I am ashamed of all this, just as I am ashamed of the fact that Borides went to convince the Macedonians that the New Republic will not betray Macedonia, when in fact it betrays it every day. Never mind, we leave them in their misery and continue the tour. It is a given that Macedonia supports the Greek Solution, and the panic shows, but you can't do patriotic politics with so-called patriots.

As for the story with SYRIZA and the MP who declared himself a Turk, another story involving SYRIZA, PASOK, and New Democracy is that it has been known for decades that the consulate determines the fate of Muslim MPs. Unfortunately, in Thrace, it assists and this is known. If New Democracy truly declares itself patriotic and wants to prove it, all it can do is convince us not to slander, insult, or expose SYRIZA and tear down the consulate. It is easy to do this after we diplomatically withdraw ours from Smyrna; we have the right to demand the removal of the consulate from Komotini. This will end the cancer called consulate and not the tales of New Democracy that they have MPs like Filis who suddenly remembered his own again. He had said that there is no genocide of the Pontians, but they are voted for by the Pontians. Syriza now says that they are Turkish and so on. I will not comment on it. Philis can say whatever he wants, but he needs to be serious when speaking on national issues. That's all. If you have questions, I am ready to answer.