On the other hand, I must stress that the purchase of this aircraft weapon system will create a babel of aircraft in Greek airspace. We will have many types of aircraft, and I don't know whether they are military or specialists among us. They realize that we're going to have Mirage, Rafale, and F-35. You can't have a multitude of aircraft. It's an issue that we have to take seriously. The Greek solution raises issues of reservations and mainly on the basis of national interest rather than the dealer of any weapons systems. There's a lot of money at stake on the sites from advertisements and ads. Norway has done a survey before asking for the F-35, and it says that each of the F-35s will cost about 769 million euros each over their life cycle. Norway says that it's a huge amount because it's an aircraft that needs expensive servicing, so the cost that the Greek people have to pay goes up. These aircraft in Greece have a closed area in the Aegean. The Greek solution and our experts tell us that they are very good aircraft as long as the Americans would give us the weapons systems compared to the nuclear weapons that the F-35s carry. They don't give them to us. So at the level of confined space, like the Aegean, because they are of a bombing nature, they have some weaknesses. Our reservations are based on concrete things. If we really wanted to get the F-35, and it is an exceptional case, we would have to push our American friends to give us their nuclear weapons together so that we have the necessary arsenal. Otherwise, we need to think it through, look at the contract, see what weapons they carry, and how they give them to us. Don't forget we paid dearly for the submarines that were being raised, and it took years to make them truly seaworthy. Let's not forget what happened to the self-protection system with the F-16. The OSPs, which strangely enough we didn't pay for, we didn't receive in the beginning, and we've been waiting a few years. These things trouble us. Getting an aircraft naked doesn't tell me anything about it, and I say we need to look at the Convention.