I want to thank you first of all for your presence and your warm welcome, which gives us all strength. It is a pleasure to be here again in Ierapetra, in Crete, and I want to address the great problems facing your society and the country. Your fellow citizens are facing these problems. We are a few days away from a crucial election, and this contest is taking place on different terms. First of all, because this time we have a contest that is certain to produce a government for the next four years. Whoever comes out first will govern for the next four years. It is not a showdown with the electoral system of simple proportional representation. It is a showdown with the system we have known for many, many years: the system of enhanced proportional representation. We had a vision to change the political system, to make it less toxic, and to make it fair and equal for every citizen to vote. That is why we introduced simple proportional representation.

During the last election period, we initiated a debate on programmatic convergences and the necessary programmatic debate to ensure progressive governance in the future. However, other progressive forces chose to focus solely on expanding their own field rather than governing the country. They launched a one-sided attack on SYRIZA instead of examining who governed the country for the past four years and criticizing Mr. Mitsotakis and the New Democracy party. Today, the situation is completely different, and all citizens understand that they oppose the governance programs and power plans of Mr. Mitsotakis and Syriza.

And I want to stress this: SYRIZA Progressive Alliance was, is, and will remain a party of power, not a party of protest or a complement to the governance of the right. The fragmentation of the progressive vote led to a negative result on May 21st, but I will borrow a phrase that Mr. Mitsotakis likes, and here is something we agree on: on June 25th, the ballot box will be empty, and the criterion of the vote will be which program and who will govern us for the next four years. New Democracy or SYRIZA, a progressive alliance? So we are going into this election with one goal, a party in power cannot have another goal. With the aim of bringing a winning result, with the aim of overturning the unfavorable correlations recorded in the ballot box of the simple proportional representation. And in any case, we believe that this is as useful for society as it is crucial for democracy. It is a question of the stability of the political system and the health of democracy itself.

And I say this because in the last few days, we have seen a right-wing that cannot hide its arrogance and desire for power. They not only want to win the elections and be self-reliant, but they want to be an all-powerful regime. They intimidate and blackmail any social group that disagrees with them, and this is a message that concerns everyone, regardless of whether they vote for Syriza or even for New Democracy. What do we want for the future? Do we want an arrogant, uncontrollable government that functions as a regime of party and family power, or do we want a vibrant and healthy democracy? Do we want a force that can stand up to the government and defend society? This is a crucial question.

But since the programs are being contrasted, allow me to say a few words about the alternative programs of governance that are being put to the Greek people's judgment in view of the June 25th showdown. And I want to start with one that I think is fundamental, crucial. One that we have not given the attention it deserves in the debate leading up to the simple proportional representation elections. It's the healthcare issue, and let me start with that because I'm here in Hierapetra, in a place that I know all too well that local communities have fought to defend the city's public hospital, and I want to speak in the language of truth because we need to speak the language of truth. On the one hand, there is a plan, the SYRIZA plan, which wants to prioritize public health. We want a new strong national health system because our vision is that all citizens, regardless of their financial capacity, should have access to a health system that offers decent care and medical and pharmaceutical care to all Greeks. And to do this, we have planned to redistribute the resources of the Recovery Fund. The current government is only giving 2% for health. We have planned to boost the salaries of primary care doctors. We have plans to make permanent doctors and nurses who have been on the front line of the pandemic. We have plans to include nurses in the heavy and unhealthy category, to make 15,000 much-needed new hires for public hospitals.

What is New Democracy's plan for the National Health System? It is, and I will say this without any doubt, the Pneumatiko plan. It is the plan that the New Democracy candidate for MP in Evia and former MP, a remarkable professor, revealed through his statements and forced Mr. Mitsotakis to pretend that he was taking it off the ballot paper. However, it has not been removed from the ballot paper. It was declared. What is the Pneumatiko plan? Is it the secret Mitsotakis plan that he had revealed? The pandemic came and he did not complete it. I want to remind you that during the debate of the December 20, 2019 budget in Parliament, just before the pandemic came in March 2020, Mr. Mitsotakis had told us that he was planning at that time to proceed with a pilot and later complete it in almost all hospitals.

The public-private partnership involves transforming three public hospitals into private legal entities and partnering with private individuals. This includes reducing the hospitals' budgets and appointing managers, CEOs, and private individuals to manage them. The person who proposed this plan warned that it would have a negative impact on public health.

The pandemic came, and we didn't have time to shudder at its plan. We shuddered at the numbers and the results of the country being the worst in Europe in terms of deaths, in proportion to our population. We mourned 38,000 victims, worse than Bolsonaro's Brazil. Why? Because the National Health System was weak, unprotected, and powerless. Because we were told then, remember: "We don't have studies that prove that outside of intensive care units, people can die. It's the same either inside or outside of intensive care units."

We have not forgotten that, but his plan did not materialize. He did not have time to materialize it, and he is now coming to put it forward and materialize it. The plan that they say, he said it himself, "we're going to cringe," and we did cringe at the statement from Pneuma, who talked about screening patients. Which is what? He said, "there is no way the public can cover healthcare costs. It is expensive healthcare. So, public hospitals will have to make cuts. They will have to close public facilities, and when a patient with a low life expectancy goes to get treatment that is expensive, we will choose who we give it to. We will give it to the one who has a longer life expectancy." But this is creepy. Isn't it just cynical and what is leading us to a society that will devalue the greatest value? What is the greatest value? Human life is the greatest value. We do not value benefit, profit, gain, and loss. Value is human life.

But why do I say that this is critical for Ierapetra and your local community? I mention health not only because you have fought to keep your hospital alive, but also because the hospital of Ierapetra is first on the list to be closed in the implementation of the Mitsotakis-Pneimatikos plan. The first public health facility to be closed is the prefecture of Lasithi. Why? Because it has three hospitals. There are many. We should build more private hospitals, but not three public hospitals.

That's why we say these are the critical issues for the next day. The citizens of Ierapetra built this hospital in the 40s, and the local community built it from their own resources. They have the right in 2023 to have a well-staffed public hospital. It is a right for every citizen to have access to decent healthcare and health conditions. Watch out. What I am telling you is not science fiction. We are seeing it put into practice. Look at what is happening with the ambulance service. We have found ourselves governing in the most difficult conditions, objectively speaking.

The country is bankrupt, the coffers are empty, the troika is over our heads, looking at every last euro we spend. But at the same time, we tried, fought, and succeeded in every crack we could find in this notorious negotiation, never forgetting for whose sake and for whose side we are negotiating, for the weak. But in every crack, we tried to implement and implemented policies in the public interest.

We were the ones who, despite the memoranda, integrated two and a half million uninsured people into the healthcare system, who had been thrown out of the National Health System by the Samaras government. Two and a half million uninsured.

Are they doing the same thing now? Are those who spread fake news and lies about us increasing insurance contributions for small and medium-sized businesses now leaving tens of thousands of freelancers and farmers without EOPYY healthcare, who cannot afford to pay EFKA insurance contributions for a whole year? I am talking about the present. They are out now. But be careful. Be careful now. Yes, be careful, but let's speak the truth about what they are experiencing and what is to come. For what is to come.

We not only put two and a half million into the system during the most difficult years, but we also ensured that the hospitals were stabilized so that they would not collapse. As you know, this was the case in Ierapetra. Additionally, we hired over 300 permanent rescuers in the ambulance service during the years of the memorandum.

And here comes the new democracy in four years, outside of the memoranda, with the European Union allowing them to spend over 50 billion. With the pandemic as the reason and cause, but where to spend it as a priority? On health. So what do they do? They leave the hospitals in ruins. They are cutting staff, six and a half thousand fewer doctors and nurses, fewer permanent staff in 2023 than we left in '19, and they are leaving the ambulance service without staff, without rescuers. 560 left this four-year period, not a single hiring by Mr. Mitsotakis. Why? Didn't he now have the budgetary capacity? Did he have the troika counting his last euro? No, and we had it and we hired. Now without the troika, they let the ambulance service collapse. 148 ambulances we took over in 2018. We have ambulances today. We have no rescuers, and in most tourist areas, there is only one ambulance. In the Attica basin, 84 ambulances were operating in our days. 52 are operating today. Why? Because I am not in their plan to support public health. Because human life is not in their values. Human life is cheap. A woman can die in the back of a pickup truck like a dog, but it costs... it costs health care, and it can't be taken over by the public.

So we say that no matter how much it costs, human life is priceless and our top priority. Therefore, in this election, let us keep in mind that the most critical issue to discuss is how we will live in the next four years. We advocate for a strong National Health System, recruitment and staffing of the EHIC, primary health care, local health units, and hospitals that provide decent health care for all citizens, rather than the dismantling of the NHS as proposed by the New Democracy party.

Let me mention 2-3 additional critical issues regarding small and medium-sized businesses. New Democracy has a plan, the Pissarides plan. What did the Pissarides plan propose? It suggested that small and medium-sized enterprises that cannot compete should be shut down. Conversely, we believe that small and medium-sized enterprises are the foundation of the economy and should be supported. What did, and what does, New Democracy's plan for small and medium-sized businesses propose? Those who can compete survive, while the others perish.

We have a plan for small and medium-sized entrepreneurship that involves debt adjustment, not tax increases. This is similar to what we did in 2018 with social security contributions for small and medium-sized enterprises and entrepreneurs. We provided a solution to write off part of the nominal value of the debt and allowed for 120 instalments for the remaining debt. Our goal is debt adjustment, not the closure or strangulation of small and medium-sized entrepreneurship.

Actually, another big critical issue, I believe, concerns every household. In 2019, we were coming out of the memoranda and despite what we had achieved, we cannot say that it was the pension or the average salary that made people feel rich and that they were living in great prosperity. However, the pension and salary in 2019, according to official figures, had 40% more purchasing power than they do now.

A pensioner in 1919 did not say he was rich, but he could buy a gift for his grandchild from his pension with dignity. Today, the pensioner struggles to make ends meet and cannot even afford to shop at a supermarket. The pension goes towards electricity, obligations, and rent, as this situation has led low-income individuals to be completely robbed.

Mr. Mitsotakis tells us, "I did not raise taxes. That's a lie." However, in the last 18 months, he has collected an additional 6 billion in taxes from Greek citizens through high VAT and excise taxes, thus plundering their income.

What does our plan say? What about our program? Reduction of VAT and excise duty.

Abolition of the payment of excise duty and excise tax on agricultural oil.

A profit cap should be imposed on energy companies to provide relief for the middle and lower classes. We should not have to pay for the wealthy's land. The excessive profits must stop. Therefore, we propose a tax on the 6 billion dollars of excess profits accumulated by energy and refining companies. We should decrease indirect taxes that affect everyone, but those with 6 billion in excess profits should contribute to funding social needs such as hospitals, schools, and welfare support.

And I will tell you one last thing. In the next few months, there will be about 700,000 auctions coming up as 700,000 mortgages have gone through the banks and funds. They've put up a 19 billion guarantee. If the auctions do not take place, that is, the Greek government will pay 19 billion. We have tabled, and this is our programme, a framework of regulation, a fair regulation, to enable, with a legal framework that is compulsory for creditors, the regulations that will enable not only the weak but also the middle class who have a mortgage on their first home, their professional housing, their agricultural land, to go into viable arrangements that they will be able to afford to pay. The state will act as a helper to support these arrangements, subsidizing the installment of people who will be able to slowly repay their debts. And the funds will go for a generous haircut on their claims, not with 15-20% that the red loans have taken, wanting to get 100%.

This is Syriza's plan. New Democracy's plan involves tens of hundreds of thousands of auctions. The image you saw of the elderly disabled man in Halkidiki living outside his home, who had guaranteed his unemployed son's loan. The image of the single mother in Upper Petralona living outside her home for €5000 will be the image we see every day for the next four years.

And by whom? From whom we call strategic defaulters, those who owe €5 and €10,000, but who themselves owe 400 million in loans and unsecured loans to the banks and will never pay them back.

These are the critical issues concerning Greek society. The critical issue is whether our farmers will be able to stay in the countryside to farm or whether they will be drowned in debt. That is why we have a plan to set up a special fund for small and medium-sized entrepreneurship and the rural world to provide microcredit. To finance them because today they can't even get out of the banks.

Banks seem to have excess profits again, while keeping deposit rates fixed and constantly increasing lending rates. Those who owed 300-400 € until yesterday, now have to pay 500 and 600 €. This must stop with a strong public intervention and a strong public pillar in the banking system. These are the main differences between the programs of Syriza and New Democracy in this election.

And so, in closing, I want to tell you two things. The first is this: The new republic has a program in which it makes promises that it has no intention of keeping, and it fails to mention the things it does plan to do. The promises it makes are not included in the medium-term program it submitted to Brussels. None of the promises that Mitsotakis has made are recorded in the plan he sent to Brussels two months ago, or even two years ago. He certainly doesn't openly discuss his plans. I previously mentioned issues such as public health, hospital closures, spending cuts, patient triage, and 700,000 auctions. These are not the things he is talking about.

We, on the other hand, say everything we have clearly. We say everything clearly. We are not afraid to tell the truth about who we aim to favor and who we aim to hit. We aim to strike at the powerful interests so that the weak, the middle class, and society can live. That's why they are fighting us. You know that.

But I want to conclude by presenting the real dilemma of the June 25th election, which concerns primarily progressive citizens but also every democratic citizen who may have voted for New Democracy but now understands very well that our country's political system and democracy will be insufficient and unstable if we have a strong and uncontrollable regime the next day.

Our aim, as I have told you, is nothing less than reversing the correlation and achieving a victorious result. In any case, it is necessary for society, the country, and democracy to not leave the prospect of an uncontrolled right-wing regime in the next day. There must be a strong force that can look those who want to impose anti-social policies in the eye. Given the fact that we are voting with enhanced proportional representation this time and the familiar dilemmas are being posed again, it is not us who are posing them, it is life. Every vote of a progressive citizen poses these dilemmas. A vote that is directed anywhere else but to the Syriza ballot box, from a progressive citizen who understands that the new democracy must not be strengthened and unchecked, objectively favors the design of New Democracy and Mr. Mitsotakis.

Because New Democracy and Mr Mitsotakis want one thing: to win. And not just to win, but to fragment the progressive vote so that they have no opponent the next day. So how much will it matter if parties that were set up by the Mitsotakis regime get into parliament? They were set up by the Mitsotakis regime. How important is it for someone to go from 7 to 8 or from 10 to 13? It is very important to reverse this correlation. It is of great importance to prevent the victory of an unpopular, anti-social programme such as that of New Democracy, and it is of great importance the next day to be present and to defend the rights of society. And we are committed to you. We will be present. We will be with you no matter what. Bless you!