Let's have a progressive government on May 22. Let us have a progressive majority, not the Mitsotakis government again. So the dilemma of the ballot box, the dilemma of the ballot box is one: do we change or do we continue to sink? Intersection. The dilemma of the ballot box is We will continue for another four years. Will those who have abused democracy, those who have magnified inequalities, those who have reduced the middle class to beggary continue their work to further exhaust society and democracy? Or will a great change come to support society, to repair the economy, to restore democratic normalcy? So the dilemma of the ballot box translates into Mitsotakis or change? And I think the answer given by the vast majority of the Greek people is change. It is SYRIZA. It's a proposal to win the elections to form a government of progressive cooperation. Citizens of Trikala. I want to close by asking you a favour. Until the polls. Realize that reality is what you see. Talking to the people, communicating with the people and not what the known parrots of the system will try to artificially convey to you. Reality is what you see and feel in the feeling of people who want their lives to change. Reality is what we see at the meetings we go to. The reality is what we see in talking to citizens. That is the reality. And that's the reality that no one can distort. Wherever I stand and wherever I am, I see larger rallies and greater Syriza rallies. I haven't seen that since '15. And I want to ask you, have any of you talking to people even found someone to tell you? I voted SYRIZA in 19 but now I will not vote for you. Have you found someone to say that? On the contrary, I have found many, many people who have come to me and said that I voted for Mitsotakis in 19, but now I will punish him. So I invite you to believe what your eyes see and your ears hear and not what they are trying to create as a virtual reality or together with leaders of a collapsing power. However, for the result at the ballot box to become a reality, what we feel as reality, we all have an obligation not to be complacent until the ballot box, not to stop meeting at home, at home, in the village here in the region, to send the message of victory. We will be first and by far next Sunday. Next Sunday the people will celebrate, democracy will celebrate and we will bring justice back. We will bring democracy to power again. Rest assured. I want to thank you very much for your presence. I want to thank you warmly for the strength that your presence and optimism gives us and the determination that your presence gives us, and I want us to go strong and strong and strong all the way to the ballot box to change Greece. We can. We know and we can and we will do it for you. Good power! Thank you very much for. It is.
