I would like to thank you for being here again today. We're in the county, in one of our favorite counties.

I would like to start by talking a little bit about the news, which is very important in our view. Today, in the usual escalation of parochialism, the Prime Minister mentioned healthcare. He started talking again about recruitment, new staff, nursing, and medical staff. He began to spout whatever comes to mind of the man who murdered public healthcare for four years when thousands of dead were lost because it was not needed, as he said. He had studies, of course. And this proves once again that unfortunately in this country, when elections come around, everyone remembers the Greek.

To give you an example, compensation was given to farmers and livestock farmers in the region a month before the elections. In my view, benefits and allowances should be given at the level of a monthly income, rather than as loans. This may have created a false picture in the election result and caused confusion, indirectly distorting the result. I am adamant about this and not changing my mind. I believe that this government is functioning exactly like all the previous governments of politics that brought the country to the brink of collapse.

We fully understand and have a view of the national economy. I will reiterate that things are not good, despite claims to the contrary. Mrs. Lagarde has already mentioned a new increase in lending rates, which means we cannot borrow and borrowers will be forced to pay an extra installment every month. This will create more problems for the consumer market. The economy is not just a drawing on paper; it requires a plan and action, not just words.

We proposed a plan over a year ago, when the government launched Exco, that all of the Recovery Fund money should be used to install photovoltaic panels on the rooftops of every home. We are not referring to photovoltaic parks on Greek land that benefit energy providers, but rather to individual homes. Based on our study, if 35% of roofs had photovoltaic panels, the average household would pay 80% less on the PPC tariff. We submitted our study to the Greek parliament, but unfortunately, this government has once again favored the rich, oligarchic energy providers, and pseudo-investors instead of citizens. To illustrate the potential savings and profits for the national economy, Greece currently pays approximately EUR 1.8 billion for electricity fuel. If 35% of Greek roofs had photovoltaic panels, we could save about 2 billion euros annually. The money is not allocated in the budget, but in the recovery fund, which is being used to fund wind turbines and photovoltaics, allowing energy providers to profit while citizens pay.

This is a different philosophy and approach to the issues that plague the economy. You know, what the Prime Minister doesn't understand or doesn't want to understand because I guess their economics. I don't know what it was like at Harvard, but in Greece, it's bad. Economic policy should always be for the benefit of the citizen and not an imposition by numbers. When Greeks talk about economics, mostly politics refer to GDP numbers, balance sheets, and budgets. And all these numbers refer to people. This is what the Prime Minister forgets, that they are numbers that refer to people. And it doesn't mean that the numbers are prospering with accounting alchemy that people are also having a good time and prospering.

What I also have to point out is that there is a backlash from the entire opposition after the postponement. I would say that the debate was thrown away out of fear of the government, mainly to avoid making a mistake because the prime minister was actually the one responsible for the cancellation of the debate. The other parties, other than the KKE, could come up with a solution. I suggested to them to at least have a debate with the PM's chair empty. I don't know why the other parties were so reluctant to have the debate. I understand that our presence would perhaps be our ace in the hole because we have the proposal, the plan, and the presence. We could prove that the other parties can't cope with a real debate where all the political leaders take part equally. They have learned, and Tsipras not so much, but Androulakis and Mr. Prime Minister go to a friendly environment where the owners of the channels tell the journalists that they have to protect these gentlemen. Let me give an example. My good colleague, a colleague in my old profession, Mr. Schroiter, made a whole statement about Mr. Tsipras' verbal failure. I am really surprised that a journalist would refer to a verbal slip in relation to the Turkish minority that Mr. Tsipras mentioned. In my view, it is indeed a verbal failure, but Mr. Schlyter felt the need to tweet himself that this was a verbal failure. In a similar situation of mine, the behavior is not the same, and I deal with it all the time. I have nothing against the gentleman. I generally say this. He is very sympathetic to me, though his behavior is not sympathetic to me, but it doesn't matter. What matters is that the average citizen understands how differently journalists behave towards the Greek Solution. To give an example, when I enter a channel, I feel that I am entering a lion's den, ready to be devoured by us, the Greek Solution and me. We have learned the hard way. We are neither Mr. Tsipras, nor Mr. Androulakis, nor Mr. Mitsotakis. I have been used to four years of not being presented. I will give an example today so that you understand that we are in an election period, and the president of Hellenic Solution appeared only on one channel as President because on the other channel, which went to Mega, I was back in the lion's den. That is two appearances, and the election of 6-7 days is over. That means something. Unfortunately, here there is also the absence of the National Broadcasting Council. I have said it 1000 times, and I will say it once again, which is the long gun of the New Republic or the system. A pistol within quotation marks.

I am particularly concerned about what Bloomberg reported. If I am not mistaken, Bloomberg reported it and Kathimerini reproduced it. This government is investing a lot in tourism. I think monoculture tourism is criminal. We are making terrible mistakes in tourism. Tourism is not a heavy industry. I have said it thousands of times before, and if we only have vertical tourism from production to hotel, that is the only way it could be a heavy industry. Most of the products within tourist accommodation are imported, which means that the money goes out. What I want to say and insist on is that I see a reduction from Germany so far this year in bookings and cancellations of 14.9%, from France 8.1%, from Italy 2.2%, and from the Netherlands 1.2%. That means that the signals are not very good. I said it last year, and I don't know if some people remember it. I said that because of inflation and the economic malaise in Europe, we would see a reduction in tourist arrivals. I must also say that we are making a mistake. I may bore you, but I think we all need to understand what tourism is. Tourism does not mean that I have 25 million tourists because these 25 million both consume my water and put a strain on my infrastructure and create greater problems for me. I would rather have 7 million with the same income affected here than 25 million or 30 million tourists. The flip-flop tourist is not a tourist who will leave you money, and you know the problem with Greek tourism is that the tourists who come here the most leave only 20 euros per day, while in Italy it is about 45 euros per head and in Spain 37 euros. This is the difference between the philosophical approach and the political approach of the Greek Solution and the real economy, an approach that is mainly about the most profit with the least effort. Because it takes thinking and it takes brains.

In relation to Pylos and the tragedy, who doesn't ache for the innocent souls lost? But what bothers me most is the attempt to cultivate a guilt syndrome among Greeks, that it is the Greeks who are to blame for what happened. It is like telling me that someone climbs into an apartment building to break into the fifth floor illegally and because he falls through the bathroom window and is injured, the manager and all the tenants of the building should be arrested. I think that's a bit extreme. My point of view is reasonable. No Greece is to blame for the trade in souls. No Greece is to blame for the loss of lives. No Greece is to blame for the attempt to cultivate a guilt syndrome by some centres, foreign and domestic, which are profiting from the trade in souls. We have suggested countless times to the Greek Prime Minister to close down the non-governmental organisations. But the Greek Prime Minister's desire is that the NGOs should remain. Since 2020 he tells us that he will control them, he has never checked their finances, he has never checked where they get the money from, he has never checked their cash inflows. On the contrary, I would say that it is even financing it with money from the Greek state budget. Many NGOs are paid. Will you tell me which others are paid? The friends of the Prime Minister who run the hot spots, the friends of the Prime Minister who run the feeding companies, the friends of the Prime Minister who are paid for these benefits. So I therefore believe that the Greek Prime Minister is lying once again. And now if you tell me that this statement by Mr Kretsos Skertsos is reasonable, whoever Skerchos and Nazi told us that Syriza is forgetting Moria. In other words, if I compare Moria with what is happening in Athens, people are really out of place, as they pass under the constitution and right towards Omonia, go to Patissia on Patission and realise that they are not in Greece but in another country. Because I pass by every day. If they want to change the ethnicity, it is a policy. I listen to it, I don't disagree with it, but I listen to it. It is an opinion. They don't like Greeks and they need to replace the population with others, whoever they are.

The first thing I would do is to bring back the 700,000 Greeks who left and left Greek children behind. That solves your demographic problem. Because the Prime Minister's excuse that we need labor for our fields or for our jobs means we are going back to the Roman period, where we need slaves, not workers. It is the most racist statement I have ever heard from the lips of a politician, and Androulakis and Tsipras both say this to justify the inadequate guarding of our borders. To say that we need labor in one of the most hard-working and industrious peoples, the Greek people, they say that you are lazy and I will need to bring in Pakistanis and Afghans to work for 20, 25 euros a day or 15. If the Prime Minister and Mr. Androulakis and Mr. Tsipras want to give Greeks 15 and 20 euros a day's wages to work in the strawberries or in the fields, or bankers to send their children, not the children of the Greeks. It is unthinkable what is being said from the mouths of Greek politicians. The excuse we need workers. We offered them something concrete. So if they give 25 euros a day, I say to some children, Greece can subsidize work, give them another 50 euros, give them 75 or 80 euros a day so that Greeks can work in the fields if they want to work. That's just telling the Greek that you are lazy. Not to subsidize unemployment. To give benefits to cronies, to post-employees and drive the Greek's child to work in the field for 25 euros. For the child of Mr. Mitsotakis, and their party children are appointed. There are 400 temporary workers in the Ministry of Immigration alone. No 400 million costs the Ministry of Immigration and has 2000 employees. Do the division. 400 million divided by 2,000 how much money does each one get or how much does each one of these party appointees in the Immigration Department cost? So here's why can we get money? Simply, some love Greeks less and some love Greeks more. We love them more and I will quote the great Kazantzakis who wrote the following: You are a leaf on the great tree of the race. This is Kazantzakis in asceticism. And because I love my breed, I love my friend, I tell them that at some point they have to understand that they are presidents, prime ministers in a country called Greece, a country inhabited by Greeks for thousands of years. Next to us is Dimini, so is Sesklo. 6000 B.C. people lived here, not to mention more. I won't tell you about Jolko. I say all this because at some point some people will realize that they can't play with the Greeks.

So let's do what Denmark is doing. Yesterday, the Danish government announced that it has reached an agreement with Rwanda to set up special camps for those who want to seek asylum in Denmark. The government will take them there, and if they meet the conditions, they will be accepted; if not, they will stay there. This means that it is not an attractive destination for Pakistanis or Afghans who want to come to Denmark. Greece should do the same with much less money and more profit for the Greeks. We have said it, we have pointed it out, but we are talking about Greece...

And I want to say something that bothered me, and I wish this news weren't true. What's going on with Katsiveli? Thousands of workers will be out on the street. I hear that the company wants the well-known company that bought it to leave Greece and even took a loan guaranteed by the Greek government, if I am not mistaken. So they came in, they made an acquisition, they got a loan (I don't know if they got it yet, but I know it was done or initiated with a guarantee from the Greek government), and now the company wants to leave. These are unbelievable, as Mr. Mytilineos is doing, who, after a year and a half together with Mr. Vardinoyannis, earned billions of euros, is thinking of his July company and going abroad. The solution is, therefore, a 15% horizontal tax on companies and individuals. No tax evasion, no tax avoidance, and above all, no VAT loss. That is the story, and that is the end of the story. You do not need to do anything else. 15% tax. But to do that, you have to be free of tanker tie-ups with illegal oil smuggling. Those are their commitments. These are their friends, and they dare not touch.

In conclusion, I would like to say something simple about Mrs Bakoyannis. Sometimes she comes across as a bit cynical, and she speaks a few truths. For example, she once said that the Internet is the most socialist invention since the religion of Christ. In other words, Mrs Bakoyannis is suggesting that Christ is an invention. She has a good understanding of orthodoxy and she sent Mr Adonis Georgiades to Mount Athos to worship the axion esti on all fours. According to her, our Jesus is an invention. If someone were to say that Mohammed is an invention, there would surely be a revolution. However, they know very well how to touch on what the Greeks believe. They can easily desecrate and curse, but if you speak the same way about other religions, they call you a racist. We should respect all religions in our relationships with others, and it is racist to insult any religion, regardless of which one it is. Unfortunately, they do not respect our Christian faith, especially.

And I call on all the residents of Magnesia to rise up. Let it be said that history is postponed. And I say it and I said it in the House of Representatives and some people from below cried. Of course I will not say which of your deputies reacted. Don't ask me to say their names don't do it in the election period I do after. Hands off the Pagasitikos Gulf. No LNG terminal in the Gulf of Pagasitikos. They postponed it because of the election the Americans are asking for it, that's why the coronet has American helicopters. Hands off the Pagasitikos, it will become a paralytic. The whole area in case of any mistake or whatever any other action is taken if you want provocative. It is not possible in any country in the world in a bay to build something like this.

These are my wishes for the citizens of Magnesia: to those who did not vote for us in the last elections, we ask for one vote from each family. We thank them for honoring us with their vote. It is a difficult struggle, but we continue to fight despite our meager means. We are guerrilla politicians, outside the system, but in the hearts of the Greek people. It is important for us to be in the heart and soul of the Greek people, not in the heart and soul of the system. Therefore, I urge them to vote for the Greek solution in the next elections, and they will never regret it. I say this honestly, they will never regret it.