Friends and friends,
compañeras and comrades
We are here, in Ioannina, the capital of Epirus, continuing our great political expedition to the people, our great effort to reach every working man and woman, young and young, from every corner of Greece, to every working man and woman, the call to strengthen the KKE. Every day we meet and discuss with workers in the workplaces, with working people in the towns and villages, with young children in schools and colleges who are concerned, who hear for the first time what our Party says and think that now there is no more postponement. Now is the time to put our own needs and the needs of our children first. And here in Ioannina, the needs of the worker, the breadwinner, the farmer and the self-employed, of every young man and woman, are reflected only in the KKE's ballot paper. Yes, therefore, in the elections of May 21, an important step forward can be taken to strengthen the KKE as much as possible, to strengthen optimism, hope and, most importantly, to open our own road, the road of subversion.  

We have made it clear from the beginning that the dilemma of stability, of so-called ungovernability, which the government of the Southwest and - with variations - the other forces are putting to the people, is blackmail and false. Because it is precisely because they agree on the basic line of travel that the Southwest, Syriza and PASOK can form a government, perhaps together with other willing parties, and it is a given that they will do so. And if they don't do it on May 22, it's not because they have difficulty, it's because they want to blackmail, to steal the people's vote again in every way possible. Of course, as the days go by, the blackmail escalates. It was expected, we expected it to happen. They are playing their hand to trap the people. To elicit their support for a policy that the next day will attack their income, their rights, their lives. They are all playing their part because they know that the prestige of the KKE among the people is elevated. That there are far more people than in the past who are "looking", who have no intention of voting for any of the parties that have ruled for at least the last 15 years and brought us to this point. Who tell us "you are the only ones who stand firm, you are constantly fighting for all of us". They know that our people and youth have been through a lot in the past four years as well.

That the slogan "only the people save the people" was put into practice in many cases, when the hostile bourgeois state was absent or even opposed, when lives and property were sacrificed for profits. But in the pandemic, in the fires, in the blizzards, in the accidents, in the auctions and evictions, the communists were always there, candle lit beside the people. They did not count on effort, sacrifice and prohibitions. Together we went through it all and stayed strong.

All this is not easy to forget in the few days of the election period, no matter how much the needle is stuck on who will govern with whom. Just as it is also difficult to hide what is to come the next day, which will be even more difficult, regardless of the "colour" of the government that is finally formed. That is why the South West even remembered the closed banks of 2015, lest we forget that it is now 2023 and open banks are closing houses. That is why the leadership of SYRIZA is getting angry and is being driven to negligence. It even went so far as to talk about the KKE's responsibility because, he says, we are not interested in who will govern. And if we don't give him, he says, the deputies he will need to govern with PASOK, we are opening the way for Mitsotakis.... For God's sake, what else will we hear from them... But... they are! Such fiddlers they have always been...

Really, is it possible that we don't care who governs? Since we will be the ones who will stand against him, together with the people to prevent their unpopular measures. If, however, he accuses us of not helping either of them to govern at the expense of the people, yes, we are happy to accept that accusation. And anyway, it is not just us, but about 30% of the people and more who answer in all surveys that they do not prefer either of them. And the truth is that they've both gone to great lengths to achieve that result. We give them credit for that. We, however, take responsibility only to the Greek people and not to any would-be manager of the rot and their system.

We take them on, for example, in the face of the rivers of people and youth that flooded every city in the country after the predictable crime in Tempe. To all of them, we said then, and we say now, that we will not let this crime be forgotten on the altar of profit.

We have an obligation, therefore, to stand up to the next government, whatever its colour, that will continue to serve the same god of profit and we will do so, as we have done unceasingly, unwaveringly for many years now. Our witness is the working class, the entire people of Ioannina and the people of Ioannina. We say it and we believe it: a much stronger KKE is the only positive result that the ballot boxes of May 21 can produce. All the strength that the people will give to the KKE will be used to bring to the fore their own needs, the needs of the new generation, needs that will not be satisfied even in the eternal century, when the criterion of development remains capitalist profit.

And it's screaming from everywhere! Not only from their governmental actions, but also from their governmental programs that one thinks were written by the same hand. There are many examples here in Epirus, in Ioannina. Shall we take the example of water, since we are in a city like Ioannina, where it rains half the year, has rich water sources and yet the people are deprived of access to cheap, quality water? At the same time, the bottling companies, (which Mitsotakis visited recently, not coincidentally, since his government's last bill was the one on water commercialization), these companies are losing count of their profits, they are celebrating new production units. On the one hand, the bottling companies have increased their water pumping, springs and communal lands are granted almost for free, municipalities and the Region make sure they are exempted from fines, and on the other hand, areas like Perama, Krya, Katsika, Amfithea and others experience systematic water cuts during the summer months. Kardamitsia and Pedini are flooded every year. The permanent staff of DEYAI has been halved since 2000 and at the same time the volume of work has increased dramatically. At the same time, in the 'largest natural mineral water bottling lines in Europe' - I use the Prime Minister's own words - seven-day workdays, intensification and 'hooded' work accidents are rife. These, after all, are what bring in the huge profits. Along, of course, with the stolen money of all the people, which, by taxing our families, is turned into grants for the "Development Laws" for the notorious investments! There is another example from the county that proves that popular welfare and capitalist development do not go hand in hand. Just a few days after the inauguration of the new production unit of the "DODONI" dairy by the Prime Minister, the organic farmers have seen another reduction in the price they pay for the milk they give, which no longer even covers the cost of production!

Friends, compañeras and compañeros. One could say that there was no need to hold elections to see the strategic convergences between the New Democracy, Syriza and PASOK on issues that touch the core of the needs of the people, the everyday life of the people is enough.

One of the typical examples is the issue of Health, which one could say is permanently in the spotlight, not only because it concerns the very life of the people, but also because in the years that have passed, we have not gone through very little. That is why the New Democracy and Syriza are bidding during the election campaign that they will fix the NHS, that they will recruit thousands of people, that they will build new hospitals, new health centres, they will, they will, they will.

But who can really forget what we lived through the pandemic? When the ND government protected the private groups from treating patients with COVID-19, it heavily subsidized them to speculate on human suffering, either with tests or other morbidity, since public hospitals became "one disease" hospitals? Wasn't it then that PASOK agreed to everything and Syriza's "we'll settle this later" proposed a "minister of health of common consent"? In fact, this potential minister of the Mitsotakis government is now on the SYRIZA state ballot. These convergences in the criminal management of the pandemic, our people paid for them with thousands of deaths from covid and thousands more deaths from so-called other morbidity. We hear a lot about who is with the public health care system and who wants to privatize it.

But the reality is inexorable. Under ND, SYRIZA and PASOK, the private sector is growing day by day and is getting bigger and bigger, and it is getting more and more gluttonous from human suffering, at a time when it has been amply demonstrated that health care should be a social good and a right for all, not a commodity and a privilege for those who can afford it. Under ND, under SYRIZA and under PASOK, the commercialisation of public hospitals themselves and their operation according to business criteria has proceeded and is proceeding. At one time or another, measures were adopted to turn public health care facilities into public limited companies that would cover their operating costs by 'selling' services to patients-customers and insurance funds. Changing the way 18 hospitals are financed, based on the ability to attract patient-customers and achieve financial efficiency, is a law of the ND-PASOK government that SYRIZA put into effect. The Costing of Homogeneous Diagnostic Categories to fully harmonize the public health system with the rules of the "market" and reduce costs is a law of SYRIZA implemented by ND. The recent law concerning the reform of EOPYY and Primary Health Care with the fiasco of the personal doctor is an extension of the unpopular reform enacted by SYRIZA in 2017. The entrepreneurial action with the -paid- evening surgeries and now with the evening surgeries, are laws that they all implemented. A new episode in the commercialisation is the recent statements of the Minister of Health of the South West, who stated that the vision - watch out vision - of the South West is the transformation of all public hospitals into legal entities under private law! What he did not say is that the "vision of the South West will be a nightmare that will be paid for very dearly by patients and health workers. It is true that the form of Private Legal Entities will ensure greater 'flexibility' for public hospitals to play their role as shops selling services and having balanced budgets. 	This is a road that has been paved over time by all governments. An example of "flexibility" is the way the Hospital of Santorini, which was established as a Public Limited Company under SYRIZA - ANEL, is staffed. With seasonal "reinforcement", through secondments of staff from other health units, mainly to meet the needs of the tourist capital, rather than full staffing for the needs of the population all year round. Another example is the Onassisio in Athens, which also has a "public character" but its operation has full business characteristics, since, for example, outpatient visits and examinations are paid for entirely by the patients, while there are payment packages for patients who will undergo surgery, in order to upgrade their "position" and make the appointment closer. A third example is the Papageorgiou Hospital in Thessaloniki, where a glance at its Operating Regulations is enough to convince even the most sceptical, since it is made clear from the first paragraph that the hospital 'operates on the basis of the principles of private economy...'. Plain and simple. In a word, if this abomination proposed by the Southwest is implemented, the sign outside the hospitals will read "public" and the rules of entrepreneurship and commercialization of their operations will be rampant inside. This is the policy followed and not at all questioned by either SYRIZA or PASOK. Where is the difference between them, when the New Democracy talks about 'public-private partnerships', Syriza talks about 'public-private coexistence' and PASOK talks about a strong health system, but not public and free, but 'under public supervision'? If anyone finds them, let them tell us. In simple Greek, whichever of them and with whichever of them governs, patients will continue to be ripped off directly and indirectly.

It opens the way for hospital fees and extra payments to "get rid" of unnecessary expenditure from the budget. Our people will pay double and triple, from two and three sides. An important chapter of the joint programme of ND, SYRIZA, PASOK, but in this case also of Mera25, is the EU Recovery Fund. All of them present it in a misleading way, as a "bag of money" that each government can use as it wishes. SYRIZA and PASOK are promoting the use made by the unpopular governments of Spain and Portugal, while Mera25 has even submitted a proposal for a law, 'sound and technocratic' as always, for its pro-people - they say - use! "Pro-popular utilization" of a carabinerous super-memorandum, with so many unpopular preconditions, is the first time we hear it, it's true... But from Mr Varoufakis who told us that the rupture will be made with an application on the mobile phone, we expect everything now...

Speaking of Health, however, the money from the Recovery Fund that is earmarked for it will not be given for the needs of the people but for the promotion of PPPs and private investment. The example of Epirus is typical, where this fund will finance new mental health units with EUR 2.5 million, but this will only be for NGOs and private individuals! On this basis, even the public structures that already exist in hospitals will be turned into NGOs, because otherwise they cannot be financed. The 'fair health policy' that Mitsotakis proclaimed the other day for the next four years corresponds to a health system in which the state will give even less and patients will pay even more for their needs to health entrepreneurs and the commercialised public health sector. To put it bluntly, the policy of Mr Mitsotakis and the New Democracy Party is fair for some people, for the business groups and the state that serves them. It is unfair, anachronistic and dangerous for the people and the health workers. This is also the content of the "evaluation" that set as a priority in order to ensure the "sustainability" of public health units with fewer and flexible staff and with an increase in payments from patients. In short, health units Incorporated Health Units with exhausted staff and contract workers and patient-clients. This is the "normalcy" that the government is projecting. A recent example is the despicable circular from the Ministry of Health that turns medicine back a century by requiring patients to go to hospitals and be treated by irrelevant specialists, which after the outcry was taken back. But no one is talking about these new "Temples" for the health of the people except the JCR. And there is no end to the convergence on health care. Let's look at the issue of the health workers, the "heroes" as the bourgeois parties hypocritically called them in the pandemic. All together, ND-Syriza-PASOK generalised flexible labour relations in health units, plundered their salaries, led them to burnout. SYRIZA even passed a law abolishing the fixed daily working hours of hospital doctors at the behest of the EU. And here, we have a recent new episode in the serial of their joint programmes. Recently, Tsipras announced from Kos that he would use the private sector and private doctors in island regions "when there is a need", instead of saying that they would recruit doctors in the public sector. That is, he said, exactly what the Mitsotakis government legislated a few months ago and with which the entire medical community of the country, from workers' unions, hospital doctors' associations to medical associations, disagreed!

Friends, Compañeras and Compañeros, In Ioannina everyone can see the results of this common health policy, whether we look at the two public hospitals of the city or the Health Centres of the Epirus region. At the moment, the University General Hospital of Ioannina is receiving a huge number of cases, as a result of the conversion of the health system into a 'one disease' system during the pandemic period. All these cases are being treated with 600 vacant permanent staff positions! 450 employees are contract workers, in permanent hostage or permanent rotation! 150 contract workers in cleaning, catering and security, are under dismissal from December 2021 for a contractor to re-enter and with their struggle alone they have managed to stay on the job until September!  The staff are physically and mentally exhausted. Similarly, at the city's historic hospital, Hadjikosta, understaffing is combined with the highest average age of staff, who are constantly retiring without replacement. Every day, doctors are transferred from these hospitals and the prefectural hospitals to other hospitals in Epirus and Corfu, which are in a state of complete disintegration. On the other hand, private diagnostic centres are springing up every day. Whatever new infrastructure is being built, under the sponsorship of various merciful shipowners, does not mean new staff, but rather fillets to keep the health business going. And they are so unscrupulous that they are doing crazy business in childhood cancer and other areas, but at the same time they cannot secure a few nurses to reopen 6 of the 9 operating rooms at the University of Ioannina, or even build a pediatric ICU bed.

On the other side is the action and positions, the daily struggle of the KKE and the people. The KKE in the Parliament, with more than 600 parliamentary interventions in the past four years, but mainly through its action in the movement, has shown that the power given to it by the people is deposited in the struggle for the defence and promotion of the working people's interests. The KKE is committed to these and not to the profitability of the private groups in the health sector that year after year break every profit record. Along with the daily struggle for the slightest thing concerning the protection of the health and life of the people, the KKE has for years been waging an unyielding struggle with the real solution in sight. And the real permanent solution is the abolition of any business action in health, with the development of a single, modern, exclusively state-run and free health system, developed nationwide, with central planning, fully and adequately financed from the state budget, based on the criterion of complete and absolutely free prevention, care and rehabilitation.

Friends, compañeras and compañeros. Just over two weeks remain until the polls open and close. And once they reopen for counting, much will be decided. No, it will not be mainly the policies and character of the next government that will be decided. But it will be the power of the people. How prepared they will be, how many resources they will have, to fight the battles of the next day, to finally pave the way for the radical changes that the country needs at the level of power and the economy. Just think how much of what we have experienced in this four-year period, how many of the trials our people have gone through, one could accurately predict in 2019. Does anyone really believe that the next four years will be calm and smooth? Not even the government who makes vague promises during the pre-election campaign about wage increases "if all goes well". Therefore, we call on you all and sundry to take action now. Here in Ioannina, you know well that the people fight their battles better together with the KKE. The workers know it, who have had a militant Labour Centre at their side for the last few years. A Labour Centre that is in the front line for the organisation of the workers' struggles, of demands, of solidarity with lessons for the children of families who cannot afford schooling, with a presence where evictions and auctions are taking place. The students know it, who have made the Panspoudasisti the leading force in the University of Ioannina for the last two years and will make it again next Wednesday in Ioannina and all over the country. The students who took to the streets en masse here in Ioannina after the crime in Tempe know it, demonstrating their anger against this system that puts human life on the scales of profit.

And they are not going to let this anger be hijacked by any of the forces of the system, especially its biggest minions, the far-right, the hidden and open fascists and pro-Nazi criminals. It is, after all, so 'anti-systemic' are these forces, which used to set up slave offices to provide workers without rights to shipowners and contractors. But what are they doing today? One day they put a deputy prosecutor of the Supreme Court in the lead and the next day they put professors from the Evelpidon school, while all the mainstream media devote free TV time to them. You can't get more "systemic" than that...

Only the strength of the KKE is the measure of the power that the people will have after the elections. And the people of Ioannina have every interest in electing a communist MP for the first time in years. On the KKE's ballot paper here in Ioannina, too, they will find tried and tested militant workers, elected in their unions and their organisations, recognised by the people of the region, who they know will be on their side after the elections. So we continue the fight. We are making the most of every day, every hour that remains. With a good plan, with good organization of time and arrangement of our forces. Now the result is decided. It is now that no one who has fought with us, who is indignant at those who have ruled until now, who expects from the KKE, who has open ears towards us, who we will not discuss with him, who we will not invite him to a meeting, who we will not ask him to talk with others to go to the ballot box with the red ballot paper of the struggle. Now is when we all need to give the most we can. To lift our Party as high as we can. We can, we will. Good strength, good luck in the struggle. For the people to save the people, with a much stronger Communist Party!
