Friends. If one wants to reveal how phony, how false the electoral confrontation of the parties of the system is, surely the issue of people's housing is one of the most characteristic. On the eve of the elections, all the accomplices in the crimes of auctions and household over-indebtedness are now posing as the late protectors of the first home; we, for our part, are clearly telling the wage-earners and the self-employed that it is time to pay up. They should think about how we got here, who is responsible, who has benefited and what is coming next. They should think about who told the truth and who is constantly trying to deceive them.

The KKE warned the people in time, stepped forward in the struggle and illuminated the truth with facts and figures. The communists through their unions are in front of every battle to prevent the electricity from being cut off in people's houses, to prevent people's families from being forced out by the auctions.And this is recognized by many people who say that they have found in the communists new friends in the face of their suffering. The truth is that the cost of housing is unbearable for a large part of people's families. If you add in utilities and other bills, it takes the better part of an average salary to make it through the month.

These are not our assertions, these are analyses of the KKE. The new Eurostat report on housing in Europe accepts this. What does the report reflect? That more than 32% of the urban population, that is, of the urban dwellers in Greece, are overburdened by housing costs. What does excessive mean? That they are forced to spend more than 40% of their income to cover their housing costs. The percentage of Greek households already in arrears and struggling to pay bills, rents and loans is more than 36%! This is well above the EU average.

Why were the people's households burdened with so many debts to the state, to the tax authorities, to the social security funds, to the banks? Why so many red mortgages? Why are they unable to pay their rents and bills?The answer lies in the massacre of the people's income implemented by all governments, the current and previous ones, which bleeds the people to fulfil the goals of capital and the commitments of the EU. The answer lies in the policy of memoranda and post-memorandum commitments promoted and implemented together, hand in hand, by the ND, SYRIZA and PASOK. This is why tax debtors alone exceeded 4 million under the SYRIZA government and are increasing under the ND government. This is also why the home ownership rate is steadily falling in Greece from 84% in 2005 to 73% today. The policy that cut wages and pensions, demolished insurance rights, increased unjust indirect taxes and the tax burden of the people, brought popular households to this situation. The policy of bloody surpluses has brought the people to their knees.

SYRIZA hypocritically said that it was forced by the Brussels priesthood to follow this policy. But recently, SYRIZA MPs were standing up to applaud Tsipras in Parliament, when he declared himself proud of having secured the notorious cushion for the Greek economy, i.e. the bloody surplus of the 2015-2019 SYRIZA government. Now the OECD says in its recommendations for the next government that a new bloody surplus will be required to ensure Greece's investment grade and to make the country attractive for new investments by domestic and foreign groups.The EU is making similar demands for the disbursement of the Community funds. In other words, the unpopular policy will continue and intensify, no matter which government is formed.

The increase in rents, mortgage interest and taxes in recent years completes this nightmare scenario, which plunges popular households into uncertainty and despair. And these increases are not going to stop, they will continue. The ECB has already proceeded to raise the base rate by 4% in a year, in order to curb the galloping inflation in the Eurozone. To curb inflation, which the EU's own policy in the previous period increased by borrowing to provide large state packages to support its conglomerates and manage the crisis. It has been shown once again that any medicine for one symptom of the great patient, capitalism, becomes a poison for the other. There is no magic formula for the pro-popular transformation of a rotting system. The increase in the ECB interest rate, among other things, leads to a constant increase in mortgage rates. Thus, from 1.5% in 2021, the interest rate on a mortgage loan could exceed 4.5% this year.

What does this mean? An increase in the monthly instalment of more than 130 euros and an additional charge of 200 euros for mortgages of 100,000 euros. The temporary cap on the interest increase set by the government does not negate the great deterioration of the situation. Already a large proportion of the red loans that had been settled and related to the banks' portfolio are already being reopened. Add to this the unbearable state taxation and a significant portion has effectively become tenants in their own home. At the same time a new round of rent increases is coming, which have already taken off over the last six years. In Attica alone, according to the latest surveys, the increase in rental prices since 2017 has averaged 35%. And while people's incomes are falling, rent prices will rise even more. In addition to inflation and increased demand, the new increase in rents is being driven by the ability of many landlords to make a quick profit from Airbnb-style rentals for apartments. In 4 years, the average price per night for short-term residential rentals has increased by 35%.

Revenues in the Greek market reached 2.2 billion euros this year, up from 1.4 billion euros in 2019. The abolition after 2012 of the OEK exacerbates the problem even more. More generally, the onslaught of tourism in city centres, not only in the form of airbnb, is also drastically changing land prices. Entire areas are being transformed into hotbeds of tourist interest. Tourist-oriented hotels and entertainment centres are springing up like mushrooms, driving up land prices. The redevelopment of city centres, the 'grand promenade', has precisely this aim. To turn cities into areas of tourist interest.Similarly, the changes in holiday construction are made to concentrate land in the hands of the tourism groups. Last November, tens of thousands of small landowners suddenly saw the abolition of building by derogation make them the pawns of big investors. Now, the way is opening up (with the de facto abolition of the 4-acre requirement for a large piece of land) for the massive concentration of land in large conglomerates.
We recall, that under the state policy promoted by ND and SYRIZA, large conglomerates are exempted from any zoning restrictions. They build hotels wherever they want with preferential conditions. In other words, the housing crisis in Greece is not only about the nightmare of foreclosures.

In particular, on the crime of auctions itself, we are witnessing a recital of hypocrisy and deception by ND, SYRIZA and PASOK. Together they all want to hide the fact that auctions will continue and increase after the elections, no matter which government is formed. Their phony confrontation tries to cover up the fact that they are all complicit in the crime, that they all together shaped and imposed the reactionary framework that puts the noose around the people's necks. So let's see what the truth is and how we got here.
The original law that was supposed to protect the first home during the era of the memoranda was the Katseli law of the PASOK government. The former PASOK minister herself has explained the benefits for the banks of this law. She has stated that it initially preserved the value of the properties in the domestic banks' portfolios, which would have collapsed if all the auctions had proceeded massively and abruptly, and that at the same time the banks secured a large part of the loan repayments.

SYRIZA criticized at the time the basic provision of the Katseli law, that in order to support the first home, the borrower had to have and sell the rest of his assets. That is why SYRIZA stressed that of the 430,000 "red" loans, only 170,000 of the 430,000 "red" loans used the provisions of the law through appeals. Then, all parties of the system, SYRIZA, ND and PASOK, voted for the sale of "red" loans to funds, in order to ensure the competitiveness and profits of the banks and conglomerates and the interests of the lenders.
In the two years 2015 - 2017, the SYRIZA - ANEL government voted successively for the sale of "red" loans to funds, the implementation of electronic auctions and the "peculiar" for those who resist the auctions. The 'red' loans that have passed into the ownership of the funds amount to more than €85 billion. While 600,000 properties have been given as collateral as security for these loans. Of these, around 50% are mortgaged houses. On the online platform, since 2019, auctions have been posted on the online platform, averaging more than 25,000 per year. In fact, they soared to over 52,000 in 2022. Of course, not all auctions are completed immediately, the homes transferred are fewer. But the auction tsunami did not start now.

In 2020, the government of the New Democracy, with the new Bankruptcy Code, untied the hands of the creditors to seize and sell off a large part of the property of those who cannot afford to service their loans. In February 2023, a decision of the Supreme Court allowed the Management Companies, the servicers, who have taken over the affairs of the funds, to take legal actions themselves involving auctions. A decision that proved, among other things, what the representatives of the capital mean when they call for the judiciary to become a "source of confidence" for investments. The new programme of the Southwest for 'housing for the young' also has the same character: The support of banks and construction capital. What does the programme provide for? State-subsidized loans, which banks will give to young workers to buy property, much of which is owned by banks and construction capital. The new workers will turn into the new borrowers - with state-guaranteed loans - this time, and will wait for the next crisis and the collapse of their wages, only to then turn into the next period's over-indebted too. And yet, the limits and conditions imposed end up excluding the most vulnerable, while pushing young people into areas far from where they wish to live. The real beneficiary of the scheme is again the banks... The banks, who will make thousands of new and multi-secured loans from a thousand sides, while getting rid of properties that currently remain unsold.

Friends, SYRIZA is criticizing the New Democracy government for having ostensibly overturned, during its days, the pro-people's framework that it supposedly had. It claims that the auctions of first homes have just been liberalised. But the truth is that until now, auctions could be carried out directly by the funds and tens of thousands of such auctions were carried out.
The Supreme Court's decision merely made it legally easier for the new 'crows' who help the biggest 'predators', the fund management companies, the servicers. The role of these companies is already provided for in Law 4354/2015 passed by the SYRIZA government.SYRIZA also claims that only the ND government ensures tax relief for funds and servicers...
Because it provides for loan transfers under the older law of 2023, not 2015. The truth of course, is that both laws, provide tax exemptions for stamp duties and registration fees in the public registers and tax, in essence, the income from loan management in the same way. The 2015 Law also explicitly provides that funds may be domiciled in any non-EU country. Finally, SYRIZA claims that its own framework shielded the borrower in the case of the first home... But it is not telling the truth on this either. SYRIZA's law introduced the term "uncooperative borrower" which should not be protected!!! This is also how the competent governmental directorate formed by the Stathakis Law, i.e. the Special Secretariat for the Management of Private Debt, defined which are considered as "most vulnerable households" and which are considered as "reasonable living expenses".

According to these provisions, over-indebted households are simply given the right to survive, their food and basic necessities are guaranteed, and the banks can take everything else. That is why the banks accepted the Stathakis law and we had 'the police and bailiffs' raids on houses in general and first homes in particular. This is how we finally arrived at the latest regulations, which the Mitsotakis government is provocatively presenting as measures to protect over-indebted households. What do they provide for? A reduction in the interest rate for borrowers that is constantly increasing..., and the obligation of creditors, such as banks, to justify the rejection of proposals for out-of-court settlement of loans of the relevant platform. Formally and technically, these platform proposals are automatically formulated on the basis of an algorithm. What is behind all of the above?The economic violence of the system that, taking advantage of the reactive framework formed by ND, SYRIZA and PASOK, says to the over-indebted household "give us everything you have or you will lose your house"!The recent changes of the government, in essence, make it easier for the banks and the "crows" to get as much as they can. Cutting interest rates makes it easier for the banks to continue to bleed and without legal impediments. In case the borrower 'does not cooperate', he will lose his house and become a 'tenant in his own house'. The notorious algorithm of the out-of-court mechanism is in fact shaped according to the profitability requirements of the banks and funds. And if the proposal does not satisfy the lenders, they can reject it with a simple legal justification! All they have to do is to state in practice that the debtor can liquidate property of greater value. Already the competent Ministry admits that the rejection rate of applications to the out-of-court mechanism is as high as 46% for creditors and 44% for debtors. In any case, the legislative framework protects creditors by providing that they should not be in a worse position than they would be in if the auction were implemented, unless they themselves consent to this option. We have even reached the point where banks and funds are lending again, to some bankrupt households, to buy their house back, in the auctions organised by the 'crows' themselves.

SYRIZA tries to show the problem in the alleged "non-engagement" of the creditors rather than seeing the settlement procedures themselves! According to him, everything is the fault of some "speculators", excessive profit... Thus, he brings back the reheated soup, that the alleged "regulated" profit... of the banks will address this serious problem! He claims that the "binding nature of the regulations" and their reasoned rejection by the banks will improve the situation, for the benefit of the workers! Divestment of other assets and maximum squeezing of the over-indebted popular households! At the same time, SYRIZA presents a supposedly "radical" and comprehensive housing policy programme, with which it claims it will tackle the problem of people's housing!What does its programme provide for? In fact, it proposes the state subsidy to those big landlords who have vacant, unused buildings and their conversion into housing complexes!In simpler words, it proposes the imprisonment of young and poor people's families in areas where they do not want to live, and at the same time, it proposes state support to the banks and big capital that owns these properties... Which, in order to renovate them, it proposes state-guaranteed rents and tax exemptions. Hey, no Mr. Tsipras! The poor people, the working classes, are not second-class people, as you probably understand them. They do not want to live in the Land Bank, where the wealthy do not live, where the tourist capital does not want to live, where there is no economic interest from business.

It is the workers who create all social wealth. They have the right to live in the city centres, in the areas around the Acropolis, on the seafront, everywhere. The workers are not beggars, to be fed by the Food Bank, to take medicine from the Old Medicine Bank, to live in the buildings of the Land Bank! The storm of foreclosures and the bleeding of borrowers, with the threat of foreclosures, is not an accidental choice. It is certainly imposed by Greece's commitments to the EU, which are constantly reflected in the post-monetary surveillance reports from 2019 to date and require the full liberalisation of first home auctions. Commitments that none of the parties in the system is questioning; it is promoted by the state that has given billions of euros in guarantees (from our own bleeding, of working taxpayers) to support domestic banking groups through the Hercules program and wants to get rid of the burden of "red" loans. It is demanded by the banking conglomerates, who do not risk making mortgage loans without the guarantee provided by foreclosures and mortgages! It is promoted by the 'crows', funds and servicers, who hold most of the 'red' loans. That is why the New Democracy, PASOK and SYRIZA have again rejected the proposal of the KKE to write off a large part of the debt of over-indebted popular households and to ban the auctions of first homes. That is why they all support the National Regulatory Framework for the Management of Arrears, which ultimately forces "cooperative" borrowers to lose their property and "uncooperative" borrowers to lose their homes. That is why they are also drowning in the contradictions of their policy, which is constantly generating new 'red' loans.

Friends, What does all the above prove?That the "tsunami" of auctions and losses of family property will continue, after the elections, whatever government is formed. That the people's homes can only be saved by the popular uprising and that is why a strong KKE is needed to organise the popular counter-attack. This state appears incapable of protecting the first home and securing our right to housing. All governments appear incapable of ensuring civil protection so that we stop burning in the summer and drowning in the winter!In fact, the state and its governments are too capable of ensuring the profits of the conglomerates and for the same reason they sacrifice our needs. The present state is hostile to us because it is the state of the dictatorship of capital. And this does not only concern the most obvious aspects, such as the undermining of strikes and the repression of demonstrations. It is about all aspects of our lives.

Let's look, for example, at the appalling deficit in our country's seismic shielding. The government, after the recent major earthquakes in Turkey, initially tried to create a climate of complacency, arguing that modern seismic regulations are applied in Greece, but the truth is that more than 50% of the buildings are constructed without any seismic regulations or with the old 1959 seismic regulations. The last substantial revision of the New Greek Seismic Regulation was made in 2000 and 2003. Accurate data on the public buildings that have been inspected, in first, second and third degree, have not been made public recently; not even accurate data on schools and hospitals in each administrative region. According to the Earthquake Planning and Protection Agency itself, 16,000 operational public buildings of immediate concern remain without pre-seismic testing. Local government facilities and state agencies remain without inspection.Everyone also acknowledges the erosion of reinforcement in many old "tired buildings" and the urgent need to take action.But the current government, like previous ones, is promoting as an individual responsibility of residents to take on the responsibility and financial burdens of inspecting buildings and homes.And it is promoting as a solution compulsory private home insurance, along the lines of France and Germany. Consider that, without adding these burdens, the current cost of issuing an electronic identity card for a building starts at 600 euros and can reach 4,000 euros if the file needs to be reconstructed due to loss of permits!

There is no need to go into detail about the rehabilitation of the earthquake victims. It is constantly spoken by the lively protests of their committees about the unjustified delays throughout Greece.
However, while the needs are swelling, the relevant state agencies are being downgraded, depleted of staff and discredited. Only 51% of municipalities have competent building services, even on paper. Of the 168 Building Services (SBS), 22 do not have a single qualified engineer, and some do not actually have any staff. At the same time, vast amounts of Community funds are being allocated for the energy upgrading of buildings whose structural adequacy is not guaranteed. Buildings that no one can guarantee will withstand the next big earthquake. What is the explanation for all this? Once again, it is to ensure maximum profit for the conglomerates. This is the main criterion for prioritising and selecting funding for projects.For the same reason, integrated seismic planning based on social needs cannot be implemented today. Planning with long-term measures for the prevention of seismic effects and state protection of structures, as well as immediate performance measures. We are told, of course, that the economy cannot cope with the cancellation of debts and interest for the people's households, nor with large increases in wages and pensions, nor with large expenditure on civil protection. Curiously, however, it can afford to pay the big groups less than 6% of annual tax revenues. The state can afford to guarantee the conglomerates billions of euros through development laws, tax exemptions and state participation in Community programmes!

The big construction groups are literally getting rich with the support of the state: Through concession contracts, PPPs, preferential terms for the tendering of large projects, even with bonuses of tens of millions of euros when they are not late in implementing their contractual obligations. But do all of us, the employed and self-employed, tenants and those who are struggling to repay their mortgages, really have any reason to continue on the path that has brought us to our current situation? We must and can think in terms of the experience we have accumulated over the years, in terms of what life itself has taught us. And life proves time and again that the class bias of government policy is always determined by the needs of capital and the steely laws of profit. Life proves that no matter how many governments change, the train of bourgeois governance is and will continue to move firmly on the tracks set by the ruling class and the EU's commitments. Let us consider that the current, dead-end road for us is not, after all, a one-way street as it is presented to us. To think outside the blinders, outside the walls of the current rotten system. We argue that there is a way out, socialism!

Friends, there is a way out. We firmly believe that surely there can be again, a higher organisation of society, where land, water, housing, fuel, energy, energy, labour power itself, are not commodities. There was the Soviet Union in the last century, where, for example, social rights to work, to housing, to heating, to health, to education of a high standard were guaranteed in practice. There were countries where socialism was built, where no one was homeless and no one suffered from the cold, despite the harsh winter. Where there was no insecurity about 'what would happen if I got fired'. Where there were large open spaces and huge green parks in the cities. Where students were not concerned about the problem of housing and their education was truly free. Where traffic did not stop at the first heavy rain and the first snow. Where the state apparatus could evacuate entire cities within hours when a major accident of great magnitude occurred.There were guaranteed rights that capitalism cannot and will not guarantee, no matter how many decades pass. After all, humanity has known it for 500 years now, since it began to replace the previous social system, feudalism.We can imagine today, in the 21st century, the radical improvement that socialism can bring to our lives. We can more easily document the radical improvement that central scientific planning will bring, driven by social well-being rather than by securing capitalist profit. On the ground of social ownership of land, water and the means of production, modern safe housing, urban renewal and expansion, and overall land use will be planned with the whole of the people's needs in mind. With the daily active role of the workers in making and controlling decisions.

There will be a balanced development of construction to meet the needs of housing, infrastructure projects, support for industrial and agricultural production. Human-friendly cities will be formed, with sufficient green lungs and zones of popular sports and cultural activity. Integrated plans will be implemented for the management of water resources, waste and civil protection, with the development of modern standards and regulations. More generally, spatial planning will be based on scientific research to diagnose new social needs. All this can be done immediately, as soon as the people realise their power and decide to walk the path of subversion, hand in hand with other peoples. And the power of the people is proven in all cases: From the villages saved from the fires in Evia, in the Peloponnese, in Mytilene, to the great wave of solidarity with the peoples of Syria and Turkey after the recent earthquakes. This supremacy of the new society of socialism, to provide a radical solution to the question of housing and other popular problems, is illuminated by the contemporary subversive power programme of the KKE.

We have a plan for today and tomorrow. And of course we are not waiting passively for a great day to dawn to implement it.The forces of the KKE are stepping forward today to organize a great popular counter-offensive that will open the road to subversion. We are stepping forward to prevent homes from being left without electricity and to prevent the auctions of first homes. Our action inspires and helps popular families to stand up and reach out to their neighbors, to working people as a whole, to break the climate of fear and passivity. "Fear nothing and no one," says a resident whose house is currently threatened for auction after a militant initiative spearheaded by the KKE. We are agitating that "the houses of the people can ultimately only be saved by the popular uprising, saved by the people, with their solidarity and struggle". We fight daily against the robbery of the workers' and people's income. We call on the people to turn their backs on the blackmailing and deceptive dilemmas. Not to choose between losing their homes or losing what they have and keeping what they don't have. Not to choose whether the auctions and the out-of-court settlements will become a law of the ND or SYRIZA government, but to fight with the KKE for the real abolition of house auctions and the cancellation of a large part of the debt of wage earners and the self-employed!

Not to choose between the rent subsidy of Syriza or the mortgage subsidy of ND, since in both cases they will end up paying more. On the one hand as a taxpayer for the state subsidies and on the other hand from the constant increase in rents and interest on the loans. To fight with the KKE for the only way out that truly secures the right of the people to modern and secure housing. The forces of the KKE will be at the forefront of organising the struggle of the people, against the hardships ahead, against the new anti-people's measures that the next government will implement, whatever colour or sign it uses. We will be in front, as the only real popular opposition, inside and outside the Parliament, to meet the housing needs of the people under the responsibility of the state. We are ahead in the struggle:
- To abolish the auctions of the people's homes and property.
- To abolish indirect taxes on fuel and basic necessities.
- For the re-establishment of the OEK, the use of its reserves and real estate, the strengthening of an exclusively state-run construction programme, for modern and cheap houses for working families.
- For the use of the real estate of the EFKA for the needs of the people and not for the projects of the special purpose company.
- For interest-free housing loans to eligible workers and the unemployed.
- For the utilisation of hotels and apartments for free student housing under the responsibility of the state.
- For comprehensive state planning for earthquake and flood protection.
- For anti-seismic control of public housing under the responsibility of the state, against compulsory private building insurance.
- For the abolition of Concession Contracts and PPPs that burden us with very expensive tolls and new burdens so that a handful of conglomerates can make a fortune.
- For cheap electricity and water for the people, against the commitments of the EU's Green Transition.
- For the protection of the people's income, for Collective Agreements with substantial increases, 35-hour - 5-day - 7-hour, for the cancellation of interest and part of the debts.

Friends, Compañeras and Compañeros, With these thoughts, I wish you good strength and health, good luck in our struggle.
By presenting our positions on the issue of people's housing and the protection of people's housing today, we contribute as a party to make the final straight to the elections more meaningful than the cockfights, false dilemmas, blackmail and chic confrontations between the parties that are mainly responsible for the current tragic situation.In the elections of May 21, we fight to make the KKE even stronger, so that the people themselves are strong!
