Secondly, if you have €1000 at the moment and you have it in the national bank, Alpha, Piraeus, Eurobnak, wherever you have it. What interest do you get? Almost zero 0.0 0.7% of course, when they lend you money if they lend you money it's 8%, 10% 20% usurious interest rates right? Well, imagine you have parked that 1000 €. In the demeter in the account linked to your tax ID number in the demeter. And you have it for a year? That 1000 € in a year will be able to pay back taxes that you owe because you will owe taxes? 2 things were said something, Brits are definitely in the life of death and taxes. So when in a year you will. You will have to pay taxes those 1000 € you put there will pay back 1080. So you get an interest of 80 € which is 8%, which bank gives you that rate? An equivalent interest rate in the form of a tax deduction and at the same time think of the other, the Greek government. It has borrowed from you. Essentially this means to park 1000 € in your tax account for a year you will have borrowed. A grand to the state for a year, so the state benefits and doesn't have to go to the predators of the markets because every time Staikouras or Tsakalotos or whoever goes I don't say myself because I didn't borrow €1 that six months. The only finance minister who did not borrow €1 on your behalf, another reason why they have people who dislike me and they understand that I sympathise with them and I understand them. Every time they go to borrow issue says bond. Read in the top of the Nauteboriki, the Capital in the yellow pages of the generally yellow Kathimerini but the yellowest, the ones that are about finance and you will see in the more specialized articles that underneath it says the issue of this particular bond is backed by JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Barclays Bank and Alpha Bank. Are they philanthropists? Well if they are, do you know how many millions they charge to issue these bonds? To help. To support the issuance of the bond in Demeter when you have put 1000 € and you keep it in your account in your Tax ID number you have lent the state for free the state allows you to trade, for free you lend it for free. You get an interest rate. Which is equivalent to a tax deduction is a great system. Every country in the eurozone that wants to survive with more breathing space with more social policy possibilities, with less wasting of citizens within the euro should have it. This is a system for breathing better within the euro. You will not hear this from the channels of misery. Now we have a bad habit.