There is a very big issue in this debate. And it's the so-called anti-systemicism debate. We have come to the point. Some journalists reporting. Talking about anti-systemism. And taking pictures of Mr. Kasidiaris' party. I can't believe it. That there are people. Who consider antisystemic voting. To those who murdered Pavlos Fyssa to those who murdered immigrants. To those who praise Hitler who massacred our country. Who led our country decades back with enormous crimes. Against the human capital of the country. The fighters in the country's infrastructure at that time. I can't believe there are people. Who know what they are. Kasidiaris and his fellow travelers. And they consider it an antisystemic vote. So I invite them. To give us a chance. And to believe our effort, because we are a party of true antisystemic realism, that we say things that can be done and we are ready to confront anything that keeps the country tied to the past. That is the real antisystem. And no. Of antisystemic compatibility. Saying things that only lead to widespread disillusionment, as happened during the memorandum years. Which came to some with easy words. To deceive the younger generation ultimately achieved nothing but to accumulate more problems and more frustration. The Caution Network. It is an effort that truly honours us all. But. This initiative exists for one more reason. Helen and dear friends, dear friends. We want to send a message. That for us. It is not the existing electoral law. A law that wants to make Greeks abroad harnesses of experience, of knowledge, that wants to embrace the second Greece that is outside Greece. It is a law of exclusion and mockery and I pledge we will change it so that every Greek who has the right to vote has the right to vote in Greece without barriers. Which were created by the government of the New Democracy with the full cooperation of both SYRIZA and the other parties. I do not understand why anyone is allowed to vote in Greece. But he cannot be allowed to vote from a country. They don't have sir. Mitsotakis, Mr. Tsipras, everyone has the financial means to travel from America to Greece and I want to tell you from my heart that I met hundreds of our friends, our acquaintances, who wanted to participate and Mr. Mitsotakis' law excluded them. So that is why it is very crucial in the initiative that you will take. To be a first big victory. To change this electoral law that does not help participation but reinforces exclusion.