Friends. In closing, I want to thank you very much for your participation. Our ambition is to be a new, modern party with traditional values, principles and ideas that embrace the modern age. A party that speaks with an eye to the future. And not a party that tries to fish in murky waters, saying things that are unrealistic, things that they don't put. In the context of their debate, international correlations and global reality. I aspire for this party to be the most modern institutional party in the country. And in this process we must fight to change the mindset. The culture needs enhanced know-how from the way other European socialist parties operate, and I believe that this is where the network we announced today will help us enormously. Our motto, PASOK's motto is Greece everywhere. Greece is a small country with enormous potential. Do any of you know any of you? That I have travelled a lot in my life. And always in whichever country I have been my priority. has been to meet the Greek expatriates. Of all generations. These are people who have struggled under much more difficult circumstances than today. They have left a strong brand name, the brand name of the country. It is not only that we. Experientially we see through the country it is also what they themselves have left as an imprint through their social path in these countries. That is why I believe that the Composition Network has a duty. To be beamed not only to countries. Which are traditional, like the countries of the western world. But also in countries. And I'm talking about Africa. For Latin America, for countries in Asia where there are both old roots and modern Greeks who have gone in recent years. I aspire for this PASOK abroad, to put it simply, to be a PASOK that embraces all Greek children and all their aspirations. The main anxiety is the Greekness of their children. We have a duty to find solutions so that in every country, not just where the old infrastructure exists, it can. The parent, the mother, his child from Mozambique any country I do not say South Africa, there are schools there. Learn Greek. To have contact with Greek culture. We owe this network and our party a debt. The party of Melina Mercouri, the party of great ideas, of great changes, to embrace all the forces of the nation, all the forces of Hellenism, from the ends of the earth and together we can create the conditions of modern Greece, of Greece, of the future, of a strong Greece. This is the Greece we deserve. We will not settle for anything less. Thank you very much. For this moving event today. And I am sure that this is only the beginning and together we will do a lot for the good of our country. Bless you.