On environmental issues. It is an issue I have fought for for many, many years. First of all as an MEP. I find what is happening in our country unthinkable. That the policy of tackling climate change, instead of becoming a field of sustainable development, democratising energy production, tackling energy poverty. And a resilient economy through our own renewable energy production from renewable sources, far from being vulnerable to international turbulence, mainly through gas and all imported fossil fuels. And the government of SYRIZA and the New Democracy has chosen a path that is very dangerous both for society and for the economy and for our geopolitical position. I want to tell you that my last vote as an MEP a few weeks ago. It was to vote against the ETS. And really. I heard various comments and from fellow MEPs, mostly Greek, saying how a green MEP didn't vote for the ETS himself. I didn't vote for the ETS because I'm afraid of what's coming for Greece. The others have prepared themselves. And I want to answer you very frankly that if there are no policies to support the weakest Greeks, either through prioritisation from rooftop PV to savings programmes, will the ETS as it will be implemented in the coming years lead them to energy poverty and inequality? Because after 2030. People with the most energy-intensive homes and the most energy-intensive cars will pay increased taxes for energy issues. As a result, they will not be able to stabilize their lives and will be driven to the margins. So, what do I say? Because Greece is not ready? Greece is not ready to make such policies? Because the poorest people have the most energy-intensive cars, they cannot change cars. Every 5 years the poorest people. If we go to the poorest areas of Athens, we will see that the car brands and models are 15 years old, 20 years old, 10 years old what will happen to these people? Has our state done anything? Not for their houses, has our state done something, not in the rest of Europe has the green transition been done, it is done by prioritizing energy communities in municipalities. To processors, to cooperatives, to farmers, to ranchers, so that they know that this policy, when implemented, they have created a resilient society that will not be driven to the margins. So we are talking about another model, far from the choices made in recent years by New Democracy and Syriza, which in essence benefit the few, and if the Greek people have not risen up, it is because what happened with the war in Ukraine has made us live. Some of the side effects. What we will experience in the next 10 years will be much harsher and we need to prepare the Greek people and our economy now.