Friends. The institutional changes. Many institutional changes are needed. The support of public education. Public school, public university, so that all Greek children have equal opportunities, the knowledge and skills necessary to meet modern challenges. By introducing remedial teaching to tackle inequalities, but also by upgrading special education structures for a real school of inclusion and not only, allowances which, unfortunately, are not enough for a decent everyday life for families with children who have learning disabilities or are on the autism spectrum. Emphasis on the vocational training school, extramural universities linked to the labour market and, of course, to the local economies and the specificities of local economies for those universities located in the periphery, with specific funding for research and innovation always. Around the level of the European Union average. We are much lower and this shows a huge weakness in research and technology development in the country. Also construction of new quality student residences so that young people can pursue their dreams, achieve their goals without doing computerised courses that prioritise their family's financial ability. Today you know all too well that in many universities it is very difficult to study because of the cost of living. So we have a vision to create modern dormitories where all children. Of weak families to make decisions based on their ambition and not on their financial ability. George said about social mobility. And I think someone George probably said about the issues. Of inherited power and someone else said about social mobility. We're living in the age. Of increased spatial mobility of geographic mobility, but at the same time it's the age of low social mobility and this is of course happening all over the western world. So that is why, because we have lived through the years of economic crisis have left many traumas behind, our priority is through public education at all levels. To enable every Greek child to build a dignified future in Greece.