Citizens of Athens, today's gathering is a victory performance. It is the largest rally we have ever held in the Constitution! Today in Syntagma, the heart of Justice, of Democracy, of Change is beating! And it is a message to all of Greece, the message we are sending here today, all of us together. On Sunday, Greece turns a page. On Sunday we say finally end to the regime of injustice, end to the regime of obscenity, end to the regime of inequality! On Sunday, justice returns to our country. On Sunday the people speak and the people rewrite history. History will be written on May 21 on Sunday, with your vote!

Our gathering today is the greatest proof to those who believe that the Greek people are ready to live another four years with the nightmare of inefficiency, inequalities, obscenity, and parastatalism. And we see it now everywhere, wherever we are, all over Greece. Hope has now become a decision. Because our people cannot bear another four years of arrogance, another four years of indifference, another four stone years. Because we can no longer bear the injustice that poisons and destroys our lives.

Families are being wiped out for a few thousand euros at the behest of the party that owes 400 million in loans and unpaid loans to the banks. It is no longer tolerable for property to be looted by the funds with the complicity of the state.

Disaggregate the income for each household on the 3rd week of the month.

The pension should not be enough for the pensioner to pay for electricity and the supermarket, so that he can decently give a gift to his grandchildren.

This deficit of dignity cannot be tolerated! Young people should not be able to live in their own homes. The worker should not be able to have hours and rights. The small businessman cannot keep his business.

Because the assault on the public interest can no longer be tolerated. To sell off the public power supply, water, education, health care, the railway, museums, antiquities, every public structure of social protection.

Because the dismantling of the NHS cannot be tolerated. The thousands of lives lost in the pandemic, many needlessly outside the ICUs.

Because the artificial barriers that your Mitsotakis government puts up to knowledge with the Minimum Admission Base, which unfairly drives 20,000 children out of universities every year, are not tolerated. Why? So that the colleges have a clientele.

Because this decadence, injustice, corruption, the arrogance of power can no longer be tolerated. In short, because this regime of injustice, the Mitsotakis regime, can no longer be tolerated. The time has therefore come for the worst right-wing government since the post-independence period to put a definitive end to it for our country.

So, citizens of Athens, after our rally today, I want to give a piece of advice to Mr Mitsotakis. I advise him to start packing in the Maximou Mansion now! He should start untangling the Predator cables. Unravel the evidence of the crime. From Monday, Maximou will become the headquarters for the support of society. From Monday, Maximou will become the headquarters of democracy and justice. Because from Monday a progressive coalition government will take on the difficult task of repairing the wounds in the body of society, left behind by the four years of Mitsotakis. The people do not forget, but even if some people wanted to forget the worst right-wing government since the post-war period, they were reminded of what the right-wing means. And so now, with the power of the people, we will come to repair these wounds in the body of society and in the body of democracy.

Because Mr.Mitsotakis has turned the Maximou Mansion from the Palace of the Republic into a centre of illegal surveillance and eavesdropping. He has abused the rule of law. He made the Predator the hallmark of his power. The cobweb imprisoned half the political system.  The heads of the armed forces even, journalists and businessmen. He was caught, as our people say, with a bug in his ear.  But his ear didn't sweat. He did, however, confess to the first tough question-something he knew and hadn't come to the debates for so long, what he wanted to come... In the first tough question he confessed, he testified that it was a big scandal, the wiretapping scandal, and that there were no national reasons for the wiretaps. And not only did he not feel the need to take responsibility, but he continues to organise the cover-up operation himself, with accomplices, of course, at the top of the judiciary.

So today we warn him here, from the Constitution, the Constitution of Democracy, the Constitution of the great struggles of our people. Here, because here, in this square, we had the great struggles of our people. Today we carry with us the history. We are not descended from palaces, that is where our bonnet comes from. From the great struggles of our people. On the 3rd of September. The struggles for bread, education and freedom. The Juliana, the great masses of people like the one of the 1980s for change, for democracy, for justice and again, here in the Constitution, in the struggles of our people. The struggles against those who wanted and still today want to govern instead of the people.

So here, from the Constitution, three days before the elections, we warn him: The light of truth, willing or unwilling, will cover the darkness. And those responsible will be held accountable. The progressive government will do everything to shed light on the crime. Because Greece means Democracy. Greece means freedom. Greece means light, not darkness.

And no special purpose is needed for justice to be done. Justice and accountability for the perpetrators of the insurgency is not a "special purpose". It is the obvious in any favoured democracy. And it will be the self-evident in a progressive government of longevity and stability. A government that will restore democracy to power and justice everywhere.

Citizens of Athens, if I were to ask you what is the basic characteristic by which we have come to know Mr Mitsotakis as Prime Minister over these four years, you would answer that his basic characteristic is his lack of empathy, that his basic characteristic is that he does not care, he does not feel people's feelings and anxieties. He does not care about truth, about justice, about fairness, about philanthropy, even about people's lives. But what happened with the tragedy of Tempe, I must admit, is unprecedented. Such emotional indifference, such cynicism, such callousness - if you will pardon the expression - could not have been imagined. He surpassed himself. And I am not only referring to the tragedy and its causes. We were warned in Parliament, but without shame, the Minister of Tempe was telling us that we should be ashamed. The workers were warned, but, without shame, instead of a response, they were receiving reprimands and persecution.

I am not only referring to the fateful appointment that their staff state, partisanship, buffoonery, the dissolution of the OSE, indifference and inefficiency made in Tempe. I am not only referring to the attempted cover-up, the cowardice to blame it all on human error, namely the stationmaster whom they themselves appointed with a buffet. To the black theatre they put on with the minister showing off a rotten console and telling us that this is television broadcasting and with the Karamanlis of Tempe resigning, in consultation with the Prime Minister, only to come back a few days later as if nothing was wrong. Most importantly today, I want to refer to a great insult by Mr Mitsotakis to the relatives of the children who have been lost. His contempt for their mourning.

Maximum and unforgivable disrespect to the traditions of our people, who called the judicial struggle of the victims' relatives to find justice for their unfortunate children "instrumentalization". And he wagged his finger at them: "Their anger does not justify this kind of behaviour," he told us. This kind of behaviour! To whom? To the dumb parents. But what, really, can justify this kind of behaviour towards the relatives of the victims, not by the Prime Minister, but by a human being? How can anyone really trust his life to Mr Mitsotakis for another four years after this? How can one trust his children and their future for another four years to this man?

You will shout that slogan at me on Sunday night, not today! On Sunday night, when the Greek people will show what democracy means and will show that they must be respected and not prejudged in their decision!

But I want to address not only the progressive citizens, I want to address the voters of the New Democracy as well. We disagree, but we respect them. And I want to ask them: Does this behaviour have anything to do with your own codes of values? Is it relevant to your values, to the values of the party founded by Constantine Karamanlis, for a man to behave in such a way as to eavesdrop on his ministers from Maximou and to insult the parents of the children? He asks you today to give him with your vote the conservative citizens of New Democracy, what? An apology card. Why? So that he can be washed away and do much worse over the next four years, rebaptized with your complicity. And I ask you: Will you do him that favor? Will you be complicit?  Think twice and three times. And for the good of your Party, but above all for the good of our country.

And I want to address all democratic citizens, who have understood how damaging it is to have another four years of Mitsotakis government. And I invite them to judge by logic. They may have their reservations and even their disagreements with SYRIZA, but they cannot fail to understand that only the victory of SYRIZA on Sunday can ensure that the perpetrators of the parastate will be held accountable and that justice will be left unhindered to give justice for the crime of Tempi.

So there is no room for equidistance here. Because on Sunday there are two possible outcomes of the ballot box. Either SYRIZA comes first, which means justice, or New Democracy comes first, which means a cover-up. And I am sure of the decision of the vast majority of the progressive, democratic citizens of our country! It is a vote for SYRIZA, it is a vote for justice for all. It is a vote for SYRIZA, it is justice everywhere. Citizens of Athens, today I want to speak to you from the heart. Three days before a very big, crucial election. Today we stand before you and before the Greek people and we stand with our only weapon. Honesty. With the credentials of our political pedigree. With the credentials of our path. With Democracy, Justice, Change on our flags. That's the title on our flags: Justice Everywhere.

We stand before you with a clean face, clean hands, a clean heart, without a stain on our political record. Because we, under difficult circumstances, have fought the battle and brought the country out of the bankruptcy and memoranda that others have thrown it into. Because we managed the last euro of the Greek people with the greatest honesty and left behind us, in the public coffers, 37 billion euros as a dowry for Greece, a dowry of stability. Because we put the salvation of society and the salvation of the country above all else.

Many people accuse us of making mistakes. Yes, we have made mistakes. But I want to remember at this time a fine phrase spoken by a great fighter and a good friend of mine, the President of Brazil, Ignacio Lula da Silva. He said: "I prefer a Left in government that does what it can do, rather than a Right that does what it wants." Well, yes! We want a Left that does what it can to save society, to touch, to feel the needs of the people. And it will make mistakes. And not a corrupt right-wing government that will do what it wants.

Today we are asking the Greek people, with honesty and with an open heart, not for a second chance to govern, but for the first chance to govern on the basis of our programme, on the basis of what we want and not what we have to. Without memoranda, without coercion, without the Troika, without Schäuble, without all those who imposed their policies on us. History does not owe us. We owe History, we owe the Greek people. Let us show what a government of the left can be like under normal conditions. A progressive government.

And we ask the Greeks to judge us and to approve with their vote the Contract of Change that we propose. The roadmap of our governance, which gives the power of realism to the vision of justice. And I want to make that absolutely clear: The Contract of Change, which we ask the people to ratify, binds us all to the letter. I will not and we will not allow anyone and no one to deviate a single line from that Contract. The Contract that we call upon the Greek people to ratify. No one will deviate, either consciously or unconsciously.

And this Contract, you know, is also a breathing contract. Not only for the weak, but also for the middle class. Because we have a moral obligation to support and give breath especially to the middle class, which was excessively and unfairly burdened with all the burdens of the memoranda and which was brutally deceived by Mr Mitsotakis in 2019. He promised them living rooms and reduced them to living on vouchers. Coupons for the supermarket, coupons for the petrol station, coupons for electricity.

So it is time to prove that we have both a plan and a vision and an obligation to work to give it a boost. That is our vision, our commitment. And I want to assure you: I am and we are as determined as ever to walk the path of justice. And we will not back down, no matter what obstacles stand in our way. We know that the path of justice is not a flowery one. Justice has enemies. There are interests that are wronged by Justice. We know that. But we have the will, the plan, the experience, the determination to put our will into action. Because now we do not only know, we have not only learned from our mistakes. We not only know, but now we know and we can. And with the support of the people, we can put a brake on the downward slide. We can put the country on a real trajectory of change and justice. To stand against lawlessness and vested interests and alongside the people and their right to dignity.

So, guided by the Contract for Change, we can immediately raise the minimum wage to 880 euros and introduce annual indexation. Increase wages in the public sector by 10%.  

We should restore the 13th pension that Mr Mitsotakis abolished and pay pensioners the retroactive payments. We can and we will do it. As well as enabling all pensioners to get increases under our law. And those who were denied increases now, when Mr Mitsotakis gave them.  We can and we will make it happen.

We can abolish the labour jungle. We can restore the eight-hour day, the Collective Labour Agreements, restore paid overtime, the Labour Inspectorate, which the wretches have abolished so that the worker has no support to enforce the law.

We can and we will. We can decisively strengthen the National Health System. We can increase health spending to 7% at the end of the four-year period. Give doctors and staff the pay their profession demands. You know, in December '19, the NHS had 108,000 doctors, nurses, staff. In December '22, 84,000. That's the picture of the NHS today. Well, that is the picture we will come - a titanic and difficult task - to restore. Because, it found me a few days ago in Ioannina - and I want to tell you this..., No, I don't go there by state plane, I go there by car. I was found by an old woman who lost her husband four days ago and she couldn't come to the meeting. She waited outside the hotel for a long time to tell me what: "We are not asking you for buffers. We are asking you three things: Health, education and justice." That is what the Greek people are asking for, they are asking for dignity. Health, Education and Justice. We know and we can make it happen.

We can make room for the education of our children. We can increase spending on education. We can open the doors of the universities to tens of thousands of children who are artificially left out by the long arm of Mr Mitsotakis and Mrs Kerameos with little basis for the clientele to go to colleges. Hire professors, double the number of professors in universities over four years. We are not hiring police officers, we are hiring professors in the universities. Police officers will go to the neighbourhood to fight crime, to fight the Greek Mafia, not to cooperate with the Greek Mafia.

We can fight accuracy. With an immediate reduction of VAT on food. By reducing the excise duty on fuel. With strict market controls. And we will make it happen.

We can regulate private debt. We can protect first homes, commercial housing and farmland. Our plan is ready in all its details with the contribution of the politician who linked her name to the protection of the first home, Luca Katseli. We can and will make it happen.

We can regain public control of the PPC. The PPC will become public again! We can and will prevent the privatisation of water. Water will remain a public good.  

We can regain a public pillar in the banking system, so that banks can operate for the benefit of the economy and not for the benefit of big interests. We can and we will make it happen.

We can put the brakes on demographic ageing with a series of relief and support measures for mothers and young couples. And we will make it happen.

We can support and breathe new life into culture. We can give artistic education the place it deserves and is demanded by the students and teachers who have been mobilised in the past. To protect our cultural heritage.

We can support people with disabilities by generously increasing their benefits, by radically reforming the system of diagnosis and certification, by providing a personal assistant or carer, even on a 24-hour basis. We can and we will make it happen.

We can decisively protect the environment, invest in a new model of development. In energy communities for all, not for big interests. In renewable energy. In digital infrastructure for all.

We can finally change the state, the big patient. And only we can do it. Do you know why? Because we were not born with the conviction that this state is our property. We were not born princes in the great salons. We were born and raised with the conviction that the state belongs only to the people and must serve them. That is why we are the only ones who can reform the state. To restore rules, to establish transparency everywhere, to make room for accountability and dignity for public servants. Make room for honesty. And we will make it happen.

Citizens of Athens, I want to tell you something else beyond what our Contract provides for and we will put it into practice. We have already prepared, you know, because justice sometimes has to be expedited, we have already prepared the first Legislative Act, before the Parliament is well constituted, as soon as the progressive coalition government is sworn in, to sign it.

The first article of this act provides for the suspension of auctions of first homes until the legislative regulation of debts is established and implemented.

The second provides for a reduction of VAT on foodstuffs, the zeroing of VAT on certain essentials, baby food, milk, bread, as well as the reduction of excise duty on fuel.

And the third provides for the abolition of the Minimum Admission Base for these examinations. Our children who are currently struggling, studying, to intensify their efforts, will not this time an artificial hand will come to block their access to knowledge.

Citizens of Athens, Health, Education, electricity, water are not commodities. All these are necessary to live and necessary to have dignity in our lives. That is why we say: People are above profits. Not everything is profit and loss!

Young people, citizens of Athens, have been accusing us lately because, he says, our slogans come from the past. And I want to say a few words about that. You know, we don't rehash the slogans of the past, but if slogans from the past, which belong to the legacy of the entire democratic and progressive Party, become relevant again today, do you know why? Because life, and especially the worst government that has been in power since the post-independence period, is making them topical.

Change for us is therefore not an all-weather slogan. It is not about changing the parties in power. Change for us, today, is a need, a desire, an expectation of the vast majority of our people. It is the desire of the many to change their lives. It is the need for change in the relationship between the citizen and the state. It is a state that, instead of standing beside the citizen, stands against him, a fearmonger. So it is concrete, measured, costed actions that give substance to our slogan of change and justice.

And do you want me to tell you in four sentences just what it means to vote for Syriza on Sunday and change, so that you can take these four sentences from house to house, from neighbourhood, from village to village, until we get to the ballot box? So this is what a vote for Syriza and Change means: It means a wage increase. Wages means wages. It means lower wages. And a fair, efficient, strong welfare state next to the citizen. That is what a vote for SYRIZA and Change means! This is our Contract. The Contract that we put before the citizens and we ask for their signature on the coming Sunday. So this Contract approves and mandates that whoever votes for SYRIZA on Sunday will be implemented.

This Contract is our proposal for the programme of progressive government. Our proposal to all citizens, but especially to young people. Because young people have always been at the forefront of the battle in all the great conquests in our country for freedom, democracy, social justice and dignity. It was the young people who fought the struggle of the National Resistance. It was the young people who in '73 stepped in front of the crawlers. It was the young people who in '81 gave the message of change. It was the young people who gave the First Time Left in 2015. It is the young and young people who will give the message of victory and change the day after tomorrow by writing their own history. I want to say today that change is in their hands. It is in the hands of the young people. It depends on their vote. And I want to address the thousands of young people in our country, but especially the 450,000 young people who will vote for the first time this Sunday. And I want to ask myself, to ask them directly: Do you want to punish the Mitsotakis regime? Do you want to punish the way he has treated you at the desks, in the squares, in the workplace? Do you want to punish this system that crushes your dreams, your future, that makes you think about leaving the country you were born, raised and love?

There is only one way to punish this system, this regime: defeat it at the polls. And the only way for the Mitsotakis regime to be defeated at the polls is for SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance to win at the polls on Sunday! There is no other way, young people! Therefore, therefore, a vote for SYRIZA is the hardest, the most profoundly anti-systemic vote. Because it is the vote that ends the Mitsotakis regime next Sunday, the vote that opens the door to the future. To the future of the new generation of this country. So I call on you, young people and young people, to participate in the ballot box on Sunday, with your vote, to send to the bucket the polls that are terrifying hope, change, the prospect of dignity in our country. And you, young people, on Sunday, evict Mr Mitsotakis from the Maximou building.

But we address the Contract of Change to all citizens, but we also address it to the progressive forces of the country. Why? Because it is the basis on which we call for a substantial programmatic debate to begin on the day after the elections, after SYRIZA's victory, so that we can form a government of progressive cooperation that will have a long-lasting and stable future. SYRIZA's vote and victory will be at the same time a mandate from the Greek people for a progressive government of cooperation now, without further elections. It will not be a mandate only to SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance. It will be a mandate to all the progressive forces of the country. It is their right to say what they say today.  But on Sunday none of us are speaking. One will speak: The sovereign people. And from Monday we will all be called upon to take our responsibilities. They will all be called upon to take a stand the next day. A clear victory for SYRIZA will hold everyone accountable.  Because we may have simple proportional representation, but that does not mean that simple logic ceases to apply. And simple logic raises a crucial question: Who do we want to govern the country for the next four years?

Some of our comrades on the left say, some of them say, completely untrue: There is no difference, it doesn't matter. Really? Can you really look the worker in the eye, the one who has seen his labour rights crushed, the eight-hour workday abolished, unpaid overtime made law, the SEPA abolished, collective agreements disappearing, can you really look him in the eye and say: 'There is no difference, it's the same whether it's Mitsotakis or Syriza'? Then tell them to listen to the bosses, who are picking them up and threatening them, next to the jubilant Minister of Development, that if they vote for SYRIZA they will be fired. Tell them there is no difference, it's the same. Say it!

Tell the young people, who are being cut off from universities to give them a clientele in private colleges, that there is no difference, no matter what comes out the next day.

Tell the small and medium-sized enterprises, who can't even get out of the banks, because all the loans, even the loans from the Recovery Fund, go to a dozen or fifteen large enterprises.

Tell the 700,000 households who are worried that they will lose their homes in the auctions from Monday, "there is no difference, no matter who the government is".

Tell the pensioners, who have had their 13th pension cut by Mitsotakis and are being deprived of their retroactive payments, that there is no difference, no matter what the government is.

But you too, who consider yourselves the exclusive and sole heirs of the legacy of the democratic Party, tell the democratic citizens that your front is twofold. It is not only against the Right, only against the worst Right since the post-war period. And tell them that the social-democratic government you want will become a reality with Mr Voridis, Mr Georgiades, Mr Plevris and the high priest of the eavesdroppers who have been watching you.

But because neither you nor I can really say all this, so leave the unhistorical bipartisans and come to the table on Monday, after the great victory of SYRIZA, after the great victory of our people, which will open the way for the formation of a progressive government. Come and put aside our differences. We extend to you a hand of understanding, of cooperation to take the country forward. To give breath to society. Because, my friends, citizens of Athens, with a victory for SYRIZA on Monday, we can make change a reality, and we can make a historic dream come true, a dream that the elders in this square, in the struggles for proportional representation, remember. A historic dream, with a simple proportional representation, that the forces of progress, the forces of democracy, should govern together. And to bring democracy to power. Justice everywhere.

So the dilemma of the ballot box, citizens of Athens, next Sunday, democratic citizens, progressive citizens who are listening to us, is one and every Greek citizen knows it well. And it is about who will govern us for the next four years. So the dilemma is: Progressive government or Mitsotakis? Change or Mitsotakis? And our people, the vast majority of the democratic people have made the decision. SYRIZA's victory and change. Victory for SYRIZA and progressive government from Monday! They have made the decision and our magnificent rally today shows it. And I call on Mr Mitsotakis not to hide tomorrow in Athens in some small alley in Thiseio, he who has the show of victory, who all the polls show him as the winner, not to hide! We are here, the social majority is here and at the ballot box we will show that there are more of us and more of us who want change.

Citizens of Athens, today's rally gave the message of victory. And this message will go from one end to the other all over Greece. The people of Athens today gave their message. Athens decided today. Victory for SYRIZA, progressive government on Monday! Change! On Sunday, the die is cast, we will be the first party. And on Monday we will have a government. Progressive. A four-year government. Stability. Prosperity for the people. Growth for the country. Security for citizens and workers. For a better Greece that we deserve. A Greece that is strong, independent, proud, creative.

Citizens of Athens, listen carefully to what I am about to tell you. Today it has become clear that change is now outside our doors. On Sunday, change is knocking at our door. Open it with your vote. Open the door to change! Open the door to hope!  Open the door to a better future for our country. And on Sunday night, meet me here at the Constitution of the Republic! Because the people will celebrate on Sunday night. And not the interests. They will celebrate the great victory of SYRIZA. The great victory of democracy, the great victory of justice! Hello! Good strength!  On Sunday, let's change the country! This is our history, the struggles for democracy, for the Constitution, for freedom, for dignity. On Sunday we rewrite history! Until Sunday, let's not lose a minute. House by house, neighborhood by neighborhood, we are making history. Goodbye!