First of all, thank you all for being here today. This is probably the worst election period for all parties. Beyond the climate of toxicity. I fear that this election will be perhaps the last election we have as a democracy. I begin this way because it is unacceptable to let the Supreme Court reject parties. And it is unacceptable for democracy. The New Republic by law of its own to exclude party formations because they are not to its liking. We call. The parties that were excluded from the process, the election after May 21, to make a nationwide rally of national patriotic parties against these people who are only interested in the chair, business and, worst of all, to lead the country to co-optation in the Aegean. We find what is happening with the Supreme Court unacceptable. I say this, I underline it and I am afraid that we are going down a slippery slope. Real apostasy and distancing from democracy. I just want to ask the Prime Minister something. The Supreme Court, which is controlled by him anyway, because the selection of the Supreme Court is made by certain centres and by the government in particular, has allowed a party that declares itself Turkish to stand. In other words, a Turkish party, as it declares itself, can run and gets the permission of the Supreme Court, but any Greek party, whether we disagree with it or the Greek people decide, must be excluded. I will say it one more time. I call on all parties that were cut after 21 May. Let the presidents leave their chairs and I don't know what else and let us all rally together against the common enemy, because the common enemy is one and it is called New Democracy, not as a party, but the Mitsotakis family. Mr Mitsotakis is the perpetrator of the crime against democracy. I am starting in this way, because there has to be an all-out campaign against what is coming, and what is coming is much worse than the Greeks imagine.

I would also like to say because we are acquaintances in the street and I know you will ask me that Mr Vourliotis is an old acquaintance of mine from 1997. At the time when they wanted to rename Apostolos Pavlos Street to Kemal Atatürk, because I was the main cause of the reaction, he tried to put me on trial six times. All six times I was acquitted. He deliberately made refutations on purpose I will tell Mr. Vourliotis that if he is looking in the bogs to find money Black or White, let him look in New Democracy, in the cigarette oil smugglers that he covers up for and most important of all, we buy him coffee transparent crystal, because we are simply tired of saying and I will say it once again that the finances of the parties by 3 independent companies are audited every six months. So Mr. Vourliotis either doesn't know economics which he doesn't know anyway or he's a New Democracy pistol. No other excuse can be valid if he is a New Democracy pistol. Mr Vourliotis should be told that we will be facing him one way or the other, and in the coming days we will hear a lot about Mr Vourliotis and about New Democracy with facts and not speculation. I would also like to say that this is the first time in my life that I have heard that the salary of a Member of Parliament is black money. There is no such thing and Mr Vourliotis needs to be told by someone next to him that. Parties are not taxed, so they cannot move black money. It is simple advice. We repeat, we are willing, we have been looking for him since yesterday afternoon for Mr. Vourliotis himself, the party's Finance Director to call him himself to go to the offices to check what he wants is missing because the job is done.

They tried to discredit the Greek Solution, they threw their mud and from then on we have May Day. Pre-election period. I started like this, why? Everything that has happened in the last few days turns out to be a New Democracy plan. It started 2 months ago with the illegal decision of the powerful independent authority within quotation marks of Mr. Koutroumanou, the man of the New Democracy. Not to be able to present shows, nor telemarketing, which has been my job for 30 years, but not to present shows either. At a time when the Hellenic Solution has disappeared from all channels, we do not appear, the President of the Hellenic Solution has appeared 10 times in the last 4 years. While. In recent days the roving troupe has appeared more than 25 times. Only the finger of the New Republic could do this. So two days ago, an article by Ignatius, known for his pro-American slavish views, spoke of black money. Mr Ignatius from America, the man of American interests. I do not know opinions I do not know what black money is in the Greek Solution and yesterday the story started. They listen more to the American Ignatius type than to the Greeks who are hungry and have nothing to eat. I am ashamed of the government, I am ashamed of Mr. Vourliotis it doesn't matter.

Let's go to the rest because it's important. We denounced it yesterday and no channel broadcast it. So here's that story again. How does New Democracy control the channels? The saying, Ours. It goes along with a leading statement. Gigashvili, I don't know if you know it. Great figure for many on the left, who said it doesn't matter who votes, but who counts the votes. So, the company that took over? The vote counting, Singular. It's sure that with the new software it got with no audit it can make it very simple for 2 to vote and record one. So we asked the other parties in the bipartisan committee in writing with a memo to bring in experts and find out if there is software that is compromising the counting. It is a well-known fact that New Democracy, the party of eavesdropping, the party of the misdirectors, not as a party, New Democracy, but as the logical mentality of Mr Mitsotakis, is the logic of corruption, of rot, of subservience to the Turks and, worst of all, of clinging to the chair. We have asked in a memo to our technical advisers that we all have technical advisers to check this software story. Because the company that took over and because I am also a neighbor of the man who owns the company in Thessaloniki. Does he have the capabilities to do what we are telling you? The memo is on the Internet. We have posted it. So we are waiting to see what happens with that as well.

So if we are talking about black money or direct commissioning, we must recall what happened yesterday in the eyes of surprised workers in an insurance company. The minister, Mr Georgiades, went and, no sooner or later, threatened the workers that they would have to vote for a new democracy to prevent Syriza from coming out. What did the government hide that 7000 plus 100? According to the information, state cars were insured by this company. Everything is coincidental but also everything is coincidental. A rot that this party does not realize that it exists and unfortunately the last voter of New Democracy is participating on May 21, in the effort to shake off the rot, corruption, black money, offshore companies.

And I challenge all the political leaders because it's been announced that there's going to be a debate. Let them tell me what I'm going to say. In public. The Greek Solution. They are neither pro-American, nor pro-Russian, nor pro-German, nor pro-Filipino, nor anything else, they are only Greeks and they are putting themselves forward. The national interest will dare the Prime Minister and the other political leaders to say the same thing, that is, that it is the national interest first and then the interest of the Americans or the Russians, not because they are unfortunately subservient to the foreign factor. That is the reality and that is the reality that we will serve to the end. Thank you all and if you have. Any questions, am I at your disposal?

Of course I have to say this. To understand which party we're talking about and what the corruption is, picture one. A company in Mykonos that trespassed all the land had to pay over 20 million euros in fines and on the last day before Parliament closed, the New Democracy party made an amendment. are you listening, Mr Vrouliotis, to pay 500 euros? Mr Vourliotis, if you are listening to this, it is a scandal. Mykonos scandals with an amendment by the New Democracy, another scandal, do you see this here? The teleconferencing of Mr Gerapetritis, the most unreliable politician and he is not a politician. Tarpaulins behind what the New Republic has denounced for tarpaulins behind what Mr. Gerapetritis has tarpaulins for telecommuting. And third. See who serves the funds that take the homes of Greeks. How has Intrum been increasing its revenues for the last 2-3 years? Hundreds of millions of euros are being taken from the homes of Greeks by funds whose names are on them. Only Hellenic Solution revealed in the Parliament all others are silent, because everyone is involved and SYRIZA and PASOK and New Democracy are all involved, why is it really a wonder at the audacity of New Democracy and all of them? Who talk about transparency and are not even ashamed of it, please.