Friends, compañeras and compañeros, we are here tonight in Patras, the capital of Western Greece. In the final straight now to carry the optimistic, the militant, the subversive message of the Communist Party of Greece. One choice is there. KKE bite. There is hope. Not everything is black and pessimistic. There is not only the choice of the lesser evil which always unfortunately leads to the greater evil. The people of Achaia, the people of Western Greece do not have to go to the ballot box with half a heart, because nothing in their lives is going to change. He himself can help something to begin to change by his attitude, by his action and in solidarity with the C.C.E. In all battles and elections.

No one should go with a heavy heart, to vote for them, to give them another chance, as the various parties that ruled this country and are still responsible for this mess we live in and are now preparing to sit in the government chairs again, with whatever composition they finally decide and make life unlivable for our people again.

Fortunately in this country there is a positive option, the working class. Our people have conquered this with their own blood. There is the red, the militant, the red ballot paper of the Communist Party of Greece. So we say with heart and mind, let's go for the Communist Party of Greece. To breathe, to cheer up, to smile. But to terrorize the terrorists of our lives. To be stronger the next day so that we can fight them more effectively, To improve our lives, to make more visible the way out for the people proposed by the C.C.E. That is, the real power of the people. We can say this today with even greater confidence than we did in January when we were back here in Patras. In these elections, the C.C.U. can become much stronger. Sunday's election result. It may not be one of the same. This is the message coming from all over Greece. We see it too when we talk to workers, to working people who approach us for the first time and are thinking of voting for the Communist Party. But the other staffs of the system, the various parties, see it too, and when they read that there are many people who, if you ask them if they are thinking of voting for the Communist Party, say yes. I'm thinking about it. Today, a few days before the polls. For those still thinking about it, we say go for it. Let's all take a big step forward together and that step to be solid to be strong is only C.C.E. They too see how that step can be taken, as it was in the student ballot and for the second time in a row. And here in Patras, the All Student First Force was heard. Others had their smiles cut off for once. They may be cut off a second time on Sunday with a very high percentage of the K.C.E. They see it, they admit it.

 That's why various big employers even call workers to apologize because they went and listened to a candidate of Mr. C.E. who visited their workplace. That is why some other graphical people who have been disqualified by life itself are filing petitions in the Supreme Court to allegedly disqualify the K.C.E. from the elections. That is why the candidates of the New Democracy, who a short time ago were saying that it was the fault of the unemployed for not knowing how to write a good CV, are now going back to the channels and saying that the C.C.E. wants to abolish democracy. That's why the president of SYRIZA is also scratching himself on the shepherd's goat and dealing with the CC in every speech he makes, because it seems he has got the message that thousands of progressive left-wing people are fed up with his mockery, fed up with seeing him vote for memoranda and the next day for the two hundred unpopular bills of Mitsotakis in this Parliament and now they are turning their backs on him. They are turning their gaze to the KKE.

Friends. Comrades, the significant strengthening of Mr. C. E. is a very realistic goal. As long as no one succumbs to the various blackmailing dilemmas. As long as no one rests on his laurels. As long as all of us, right up to the last hour, get on the ballot paper of Mr C.E. Everywhere. Because every vote for Mr. C.E. Counts. Every region of our country must have its own individual contribution to this result. And so does the Region of Western Greece. This is where hundreds of thousands of workers, unemployed, breadwinners, self-employed, professionals, scientists, farmers, young people who go to school, to university, to various vocational schools live. Yes, the people of Western Greece, of all the prefectures and islands, must have their own special contribution to the election result of Mr. K.E. They know that their vote for the KKE will return back to them in their struggle. He knows this because here in Western Greece there are so far two deputies of Mr. K.E. Nikos Karathanasopoulos in Achaia and Nikos Papanastasiou in Aitoloakarnania. These two MPs have done more for the people of the region than the 21 MPs of the other parties combined. In Western Greece as a whole. They brought their problems to Parliament, they demanded solutions, they ran day and night to be by their side when they were struggling. They put into practice the slogan Only the people save the people when he was tested by the selective inability of the bourgeois state to protect his life and property. They never raised their hand to pass unpopular measures. That is why we have the courage to look you in the eye, to ask you to help the C.C.E. to elect more deputies. So that the people of Achaia, Aitoloakarnania and Ilia can have real support. To contribute to increase the percentage of the KKE in the single-member elections in Zakynthos and Kefalonia. Don't listen to anyone who tells you that this could be a wasted vote. Every vote for Mr. C.E. adds up to his nationwide percentage and sends more communist militants to Parliament nationwide. Lost is every vote to the parties that ruled and brought us to this point. Lost is the vote that will give more seats to the next anti-people government and will also make it easier for them to pass laws against the many and for the few, of course. Lost is any vote that could be given to the C.C.E. And it will be scattered to abstention or to disposable parties that will run to become a supplement to an unpopular government. As we have seen happen so many times before with parties that most of us today and most of us don't even remember they existed. But Mr. C.E. But the C.E. was, is and will be here on the side of the people until the final victory. Therefore, on Sunday, a strong UCP so that our people can be strong.

Friends, compañeras and compañeros, recently we have witnessed a well-known debate between the parties of the system on whether or not their programmes are costed. Have you heard? Aren't they really fed up with the same debate every election period? Anyway, people are tired of them and don't pay much attention. But it makes sense that they are arguing about that and not about the substance, about the focus of their programmes, since it is the same. Why are these programmes written with the pens of the business groups, the Association of Greek Industrialists, the Bank of Greece, the Commission, NATO? Because their central ideas are fiscal stability for the return of the bloody surpluses, the stability of the banks, also the creation of an attractive investment environment. But what does that mean in terms of smashed labour rights? Because the first pages of these programmes contain the 350 unpopular preconditions that any next government will legislate in order to disburse the Recovery Fund instalments and put a pin in the pockets of the big business groups. When New Democracy and Syriza are arguing about whether their programmes are costed, one thing the working man, the man of labour, understands is that his own needs have already been costed and thrown out of their programmes. Because there are only the profits of a few conglomerates.

And speaking of costing. How much do the parties of capital cost the life of the people here in Western Greece, who live in a region that is at the centre of the US-NATO plans, under the responsibility of all governments. With Aktion, Araxos, Andravida becoming daily potential targets of retaliation by the opposing imperialist camp. They have already been silenced. They do not make a sound about them. Because they know that everything they said about the country's security from NATO membership has long since collapsed.

Only Mr. C.E. talks about them. Warning of the dangers to our people, to our country. The real needs exist and in big letters only in the program of Mr. K.E. Only the program of Koukoué opens a different way for everyone to have a permanent and stable job with 7 hours a day, 5 days a week, 35 hours a week, for everyone to have modern and safe housing, free education and health, access to sports and culture under the right to holidays and rest. These should be the demands in the 21st century, not how to get through the month.

And because one might well ask, influenced by all this discussion, is the JCE's programme costed? We say yes, we have costed it. And do you know how much it cost the people? Absolutely nothing. Because in the society that we want to build together with the people, all of the above ceases to be counted as a cost. On the contrary, meeting these needs to an ever greater extent will be the very purpose of production. It is for this purpose alone that the economy will move.

It costs a lot, of course. Mr. C.E.'s program To those who are getting rich today, who don't know what they have and what they spend their lives and chickens on other people's work. It costs, for example, to the 150 publicly traded companies that saw their net profits increase by 303% in 2022 alone, to over 10 billion. Yes, they have a lot to lose from the implementation of our program. In fact, they stand to lose all the profits they make from the sweat of our people. They will lose the right to exploit foreign labor and they will have to start working like the rest of the world to enjoy what society will provide for everyone.

Because the programmes of the other parties are identical, we are witnessing another repulsive confrontation between the two parties of social democracy, SYRIZA and PASOK. Why are you talking about the legacy of Andreas Papandreou? Tsipras and Androulakis have taken the slogan of change and are carrying it around from rally to rally. As you understand, of course, it is not our business, nor do we have any anxiety to come to a conclusion about who is the rightful heir and who has the usufruct. But we want to address the people of Patras, of Achaia, a people with democratic, progressive, fighting traditions, and say to them: they are playing with your feelings, they are playing with your memory, they want to make you look only at the distant past in order to steal your vote today and then turn that vote against you. Many may look back on the past with nostalgia, but the reality whether we like it or not is that there is no going back to the past. 2023 is not 1981. This system that served for years and PASOK but. And recently from government positions, SYRIZA has now become so rotten, so corrupt, so reactionary that it can no longer concede anything to the people unless it imposes itself through its own struggle.

There is no change in the prison of the European Union of NATO for a handful of parasites who are in charge of the wealth of our own country. There never has been just today. It is much more obvious now. Real change, political change means ending the robber capitalist state. And political change is not to leave one and bring in the other staying the same but their political political change is to confront the capitalist economy, to socialize the means of producing wealth in this country, to break free from the shackles of the European Union and NATO, to design our society, our economy, to meet our own needs. And this real radical political change has a name, it is socialism.

Comrades, friends, friends. Workers and youth are not interested in other people's shady remarks about the past. They are interested in one thing: how to secure a better present and future. And the programmes of New Democracy, Syriza, PASOK do not ensure this. They have no meaningful answer to give to their anxieties. So because the programmes of all the others are common in their basic points alone, the programme of Mr C.E. is at the opposite end of the spectrum.

That is why only the communists can still today use whatever position the people trust them with to oppose and fight this barbaric system. This common policy of these anti-people's governments, so that our people can stand upright, have conquests, have their lives improved as much as possible. This is what the C.C.E. is doing in Parliament. This is what it is doing in the municipalities, in the regions. This is what the Municipal Authority of Mr. K.E. has been doing for 9 years in the Municipality of Patras with the militant Kostas Peletidis as mayor. And look what happened now. They put aside the quarrels of those who argue who will goat on the neck of the people again. The leaders of New Democracy, Syriza, PASOK and they are chatting, he says they will get rid of the militant mayor of Patras, Kostas Peletidis. They sleep standing up, we tell them, they say, and they pay a free hotelier. If they think so. Because the municipal authority of Patras and its mayor have become a benchmark now throughout Greece. Do you remember what our Olympic champion Miltos Tendoglou said a few days ago that we are coming to transfer him to Athens, so that the athletes can train like people here in Patras. But don't worry we won't take Mr. K. E. He has many worthy fighters in every city, in every municipality throughout the country. Kostas Peletidis will stay here, he will be re-elected mayor of Patras and those who make other plans will eat their faces. So that is why we are saying that the people of Patras also have another reason to punish them in Sunday's parliamentary elections. Reinforcing Mr. C.E.

Friends, today is not 2012 or 2015. We have known them all as a government. We have seen time and time again the big talk go by the wayside. The promises thrown away, the trade of hope giving way to disappointment. But we are not even in 2019. And that's what's different. In the last four years we have fought great battles against the policies implemented by the Mitsotakis government, continuing of course in the same direction as the previous SYRIZA government with the extreme right-wing ANEL. In these years we have fought battles inside the academy, we have broken unacceptable bans, we have taken to the streets to strengthen the public health system, for protection measures at workplaces, in transport, in schools, in universities. We did not wait for accountability afterwards, nor did we propose ministers of common approval with Mitsotakis, as SYRIZA did. After all, what do we have in common with them, since we are two different worlds?

We fought in the trade union movement to keep the anti-labour laws on paper, to sign collective agreements with wage increases, to bring back redundancies. We did not wait for the elections, as some people were calling for, because they said the conditions are not ripe to achieve things as they were telling us.

Our people could not wait. They fought, we fought together and achieved several victories. We also fought battles against Greece's involvement in the imperialist war in Ukraine. They blocked shipments of war material. We cancelled the propaganda of the government and all the Euro-Atlantic parties that this is how we are supposedly defending democracy and freedom. These are now minority opinions among our people. Minority in our people are especially in this matter.

All the other parties, from New Democracy to Varoufakis' party, who gathered in Parliament to listen to the NATO puppet, Lenin, who then made them listen to his Nazi fascist friends of the Azov Order. What a tragic irony They brought the Nazis back into parliament for the first time since they were kicked out as a people in 2019. Now they pretend to want to protect us with their dangerous amendments to keep the Nazis out of parliament.

Here in Patras you know it very well. I don't have to tell you that you and the CP have achieved all this. Everything but everything with the People's Coalition. As a municipal authority you cut the chewing gum on the various masulas and improved your city, i.e. its everyday life. Poor people here in Patras, by also throwing the employers' lackeys out of the unions and fighting together with the communist trade unionists, you changed the situation. You made the Labour Centre labour again. With the KNE strong in the schools of Patras, the streets and squares of the city were flooded so that this predestined crime in Tempe would not be forgotten. With the Panspoudastiki, first force again in the University of Patras and in all of Greece. The students took the associations in their hands, demolished the government's faction that does not want to admit defeat and is constantly ridiculed.

So here it comes for all this and more the know how you know what you have to do so next Sunday to achieve much more together. All of you know that things. They are not stagnant. That each and every one's contribution to the collective effort multiplies our strength and can make a difference. You know that it is the vote in the C.C.E. that can rock the boat, that can bring about a Monday on May 22nd that is unlike the days before. So we appeal with an open heart to all those who are thinking in these last days of voting for the CEC, but who may still have doubts. To all those who have Mr. C.E. in their choices, but still haven't made up their minds. To all those heading to the ballot box.

Angry about what we have experienced in recent years, culminating recently in this crime in Tempe. Think of this great struggle to ensure that this crime is not forgotten, that there is no more of it. Who can carry it on and see it through to the end? Only Mr. C.E. Why only Mr. C.E. The question of their profits or our lives is firmly answered by our lives.

And it responds with the daily struggle in the workplaces, in the neighbourhoods, in the schools, in the colleges and it does not step back. In the elections of May 21, the only vote that is the continuation of the great struggles of our people in all the previous years, of the huge popular youth mobilizations for the crime in Tempe, is the vote for the CPC. It will stay there and come back to you. It will become a force in the struggles we will wage. Because a vote for the C.E.C. is incompatible with submission, with the unpopular one-way street that this system cultivates. It is a vote of punishment to those who have brought us to this point and are preparing a similar continuation for us. It is a vote to reveal the truth about everything that is happening against the people. It is a vote of honesty and confidence in the power that the people and the youth hold in their hands. Disobedience to those who call on us to show caution, restraint and most of all, restraint. A vote for the KKE is a vote of hope and optimism to strengthen the struggle for an overall better life. It is the only vote that will cut off their momentum and give uplift to our people at large. It is the ballot with the hammer and sickle of hope, pride and defiance. The ballot paper of Mr. C.E. So now it's the C.E.C. Thousands of new votes to give a big blow to this system to put into practice all that those who fear it fear. But everything we hope and dream for. Not an hour must be wasted in making the night literally day. Let not a single popular vote be lost for Mr. C.E. Let us reach with our smiles and our confidence tens of thousands of young and older people, of working men and women, everywhere in towns and villages. In all the days ahead, turn Election Sunday into a celebration of our people, a red rushing river from coast to coast across the country. Let them shout we are here, we will live better. Our people will live better with a strong KKE. With our struggle we will succeed. We will win. Forward in the struggle for the great, the beautiful, the thrilling. Goodbye. Good strength, good health to all, Mr. K.E. Kookooe strong. Hope is here!
