And, of course, they all rejected the amendments of the KKE: the abolition of unjust indirect taxes, VAT on food and consumer goods, Special Consumption Taxes on fuel, electricity, water supply, and telecommunications, ENFIA on first and second homes. And now they are arguing, ostensibly, about who is and who is not on board with the taxes? Have mercy! Even mockery has its limits. Things are simple: All of them are with taxes on the people, and all of them are against taxes on business groups to support competitiveness, which is their common goal. That's why it's really laughable to see ND trying to present itself as the "anti-tax" party. Who? ND, who under their watch, we have had "record" indirect taxes for two years in a row. It is also to be laughed at the attempt by SYRIZA and PASOK to present themselves as the advocates of "fairer" taxation. SYRIZA, which otherwise boasts about the 37 billion left as a "cushion" from the savage taxing of the people and which says it has the know-how to do it again now that the bloody surpluses are coming back. And PASOK, which dumped a sackful of taxes on the people as government and opposition and voted for every possible and unlikely tax break for capital. No "hidden agenda" of taxation, then. Continuing to tax the people is a given, based on their joint commitments to the profits of the business groups. And let's drop the mockery of the so-called "excess profits" of 7-8 companies that SYRIZA and PASOK will allegedly tax or that ND has allegedly already taxed. They talk about 7 companies to leave out of the discussion the profits of the 150 listed business groups that increased their profits by 303% last year. So the conclusion is one, to relieve the people of taxes, the prerequisite is that big business loses. And the pie whole and the dog full can't be done. But this is not something that the New Democracy government will do voluntarily, nor will SYRIZA and PASOK push it in this direction, since they all guard the profits of capital like the apple of their eye. Only the people, with their struggles, their movement, and an even stronger KKE can and will impose this!