Thank you for your love. I return it. Thank you for your trust. Thank you for proving once again that Laconia is the great castle of our party, New Democracy. Because this is where the real Spartans live. And you know, moreover, that the links between Crete and Laconia are so strong, which is why Konstantinos Mitsotakis has always had so many good friends here in your part of the world. Indeed, friends, I did not expect such a massive reception in Sparta. Well, because you have exceeded my own expectations. But since you challenge me, I will ask you all to make a bet with me: our percentage in Laconia, but - look out - also in Sparta, will be "5" ahead after next Sunday's elections. Because, I do not know if you have noticed, but in the elections of 21 May, the Dodecanese passed you by a few hundred votes. So let's go get the gold, Laconia to give back the highest percentage in the country. And we will succeed. We will succeed, my friends, because the message of May 21 was a deafening one, which was heard throughout the country. It came as a reward for effective politics in the midst of very great difficulties. It also came as a reward for political consistency between words and deeds. What we told you in 2019, despite the great difficulties, we implemented it and the Greek people rewarded us for it. But it is asking us to do one more thing: it is asking us to run much faster, much more boldly, on the road of reforms, to continue and complete our work. We will do it, with your support. We will paint all of Greece blue again. On 25 June, Greeks vote and on 26 June, with modesty, we roll up our sleeves and work to solve your problems. But I want, friends, I want this impressive enthusiasm that I see and receive today in Sparta to be transformed in the few days that remain before the elections into one last great creative effort, to face the great danger of this ballot box, which is none other than the danger of complacency. The polls on 25 June will be empty in the morning. At 7:00 a.m. the polls will open. They will be empty. At 7:00 p.m., when they close, they should be filled with even more New Democracy ballots. Mind you, I've been in politics long enough to take nothing for granted. It is my duty until Friday night, when the campaign lights go down, to strive to convince every last suspicious fellow citizen that it is worthwhile to place their support in our great party, New Democracy. Then the responsibility passes to all of you.

To those who spread scenarios of alleged fear from an all-powerful New Democracy, I answer that the Greek people are all-powerful. You vote at the polls and the parliamentary majority ultimately reflects your will. And, of course, you are New Democracy. You are the New Democracy. The old ones.

It is interesting to see who the New Republic is. New Democracy is primarily composed of the old, traditional fighters who kept the party standing during difficult times. However, the New Democracy of 2023 brings together our fellow citizens who have never voted for us before - and I want to thank them for this. Many citizens hesitated to vote for us in 2019 but voted for us in 2023 because they were convinced by our work and asked us to implement our program faster. I remember coming to Sparta before the internal elections in 2016. I pledged to renew New Democracy and make it a great party of power again. I kept my commitment to you. The best is still ahead of us, my friends. Remember my words, the best is ahead of us.

The second four-year term of New Democracy will allow us to speed up the major changes that the country needs, strengthen the economy even more, launch and stabilize the growth dynamics that already exist in our country. I would like to remind you that in 2019, under relatively good international conditions, our country lagged behind in growth in the European Union. Today, we are a champion in growth, which means better wages, better incomes, more jobs, and better prospects for our country after a difficult decade.

I have not hidden my ambition to not just be a mere administrator of power, but to make the great leap forward for our country and make Greece a true European country, while also keeping our traditions and values that make Hellenism such a distinctive force in the whole world.

In this course, which is a course of economic progress but also a course of patriotic responsibility, I ask you all to join together. I refer to patriotic responsibility because I am tired of hearing various patriots wagging their finger at us and not taking into account the fact that today Greece is undeniably much stronger and much better armored than it was in 2019.

This effort towards national reconstruction, this struggle for the continuous support of our Armed Forces, this effort to guard our borders - because the country has borders on land, sea, air, and land - will continue. Always with humanitarianism, because - you know - no one in this country has a monopoly on humanitarianism.

It is really strange for them to come now and wag their finger at us. Who are they? Those who turned the country into a transit center and those who tolerated the tragedy, the hellhole of Moria, with unaccompanied minors and the tragic situations that prevailed in our country before 2019.

So we do not want to go back to that past. We want to move forward. We will move forward with a strong popular mandate and a stable government that can have the power to implement the great changes that the country needs. These big changes will have an impact on your own lives. One of your fellow citizens said to me as I was coming here, "Watch out for Sparta because Sparta is abandoned." I do not want any city or any region of our country to feel abandoned. All Greek citizens, regardless of where they live, will have equal rights and equal opportunities for prosperity.

And since we are talking about Sparta, let me say a few words about how we can imagine Sparta four years from now. First of all, by 2026, Sparta will have the most modern hospital in the country, donated by the Stavros Niarchos Foundation. This hospital will be completed on time, despite some minor difficulties that have arisen, and will enable Laconia to be a real leader in how we envision the new National Health System: with good primary care structures but also with state-of-the-art hospitals, with 10,000 nursing and medical staff recruited to cover all the needs of the NHS. And with the ability to provide preventive examinations for millions of our fellow citizens, so that we can detect diseases before they come knocking at our door.

At the same time, however, Sparta will have one of the most beautiful museums in the world. The studies have been completed. I personally pledge that I will secure the approximately 40 million that the new museum in Sparta needs so that you can finally have the museum you need. And on the site of the old museum, which will also be remodeled, you will essentially have two museums, the old and the new. So that Sparta can, at last, capitalize in practice on this huge and powerful brand that it has. The whole world knows Sparta and the Spartans, but how many people actually come to visit Sparta to get to know it well? So that is my goal for Sparta in the next four years, for Laconia in the next four years, together with the promotion of the other unique heritage sites. In Mistra, as you know, almost EUR 10 million worth of works are being carried out. They will be completed by 2025, and Mystras will be another addition to the cultural potential of the region. One more reason why someone will come and visit Laconia.

You can see that national policies always have a local impact. Development is not just an abstract concept that concerns economists, but it ultimately means more investment, more jobs, a more competitive primary sector that produces products that are competitive and exportable, with cheaper energy.

One of the big challenges of the next four years is how to install more photovoltaics and wind power, especially photovoltaics for our farmers, in order to reduce production costs.

This is the Greece of the future that we envision, and I ask you to walk together to build it, brick by brick. For a homeland that will not be a tail but will truly be a protagonist of developments. Once again, I want to convey to you how heavily I feel the responsibility that the Greek people have placed on us. You know, being able to increase your percentage while in government is something that New Democracy has never achieved before. We achieved it for the first time, and we will achieve it again now. But with high rates come high expectations. I just want to say one thing because I do not want to bore you any more today, in the sunshine, where you have waited for me with so much kindness and love. Let me tell you that I started from Athens in cloudy weather, but here in Laconia, there is sunshine, and there will be sunshine on 25 June. I want to tell you that - rest assured and be assured - I will be, we will be worthy of your trust. And the strong mandate that you will give us to change Greece will be able to be put into practice in the next four years. Four years from now, Greece will be a different country; it will be a much better country. So let's go together to continue this great effort that we have started. Let's go together to bring even higher rates here in Laconia. Let's go together for 50% in the municipality of Sparta, and let's go together to celebrate next Sunday a great victory for New Democracy, a victory for Greece. Steadily, boldly, and only forward. Thank you very much for your love. Fly the flags of the homeland, fly the flags of the party. Thank you very much, and goodbye. Be well. Goodbye.