Friends, fellow travellers and fellow travellers, let us welcome the leader of the day 25 alliance for rupture Yanis Varoufakis.Good evening, good evening, good evening, good evening to all.It is very nice to be together in this election period. For a long time now to our members here at day 25, we have been promising that we will come, we have not succeeded so I feel very good that especially at this juncture we are here. Because you know there are important things going on behind your backs behind our backs in our name, in your name against us, against you. With examples in the essence of what is at stake in this election, what is at stake in the election then?

May Day now, the day after tomorrow, when you open your utility bills, your electricity bills, you will see something very unpleasant. Can you imagine? There is a charge in favor of the deddy deddy is the company one the opportunities created after the breakup? The public electricity company, the PPC, a company which Mitsotakis S.A. has handed over, has sold within quotes to a criminal organisation,

A bank of yours and they're holding Australia, they call it Macquarie and here we are. There's a camera I call them criminals and I urge them very much to sue me. The people are clearly criminals. Their criminal careers do not start here and we will give you an example. They went to Britain years ago and bought the water company of the London borough of London. Does any city on the outskirts, London, have a water company. And overall sewage sewers. They gave £5 billion. 2 They gave the 3 they borrowed it by mortgaging the company they bought like I come to your house say give me a loan you I'll buy it from you and I'll mortgage it to your house I'll mortgage it and then in the next few years extraordinarily did McQuarrie with the London water company loaded a total of 10.4 or 10.5 billion pounds of debt on that company and what did they do with it? Why does London have a water supply problem? It rains in the summer season, sewage falls into the river, in the sea it is the same, not in the 10 billion borrowed, by mortgaging the former public. Water and sewerage business they put it in their pockets. It's a criminal organization now because I'm talking to you about this McQuarrie? Mr. Mitsotakis sold the tithing when he knows what will happen on 01/05?

The fee that you pay today is 52 cents, 4.44 € per kilowatt hour from 52 cents to 444 cents, a 750% increase. The Greek citizens for a company that is an absolute monopoly do not even have the pretense that there is any agitation. It is a company that brings the electricity to your house, the DEDDIE, and comes and bangs on your Harachi. And you know what they're going to do with that money? It's going to the Cayman Islands.

Here comes a predatory fund from Ireland with headquarters in Delaware and a bank account in the Cayman Islands. And they go and they take your house. Have you? Have you bought it in the good times? Let's say 150,000 you had a loan 100k 50 out of your pocket 100 loan out of 100 loan you had paid off 50 at some point you can't pay it off because of the crisis, not because you're because of the crisis you lost your job, your business wasn't doing well. Fine, it could be a house, it could be a shop. Where you owed 50 you had given the 100 the 150 grand to buy the house where you owed 50 the 50 with overcoats became 100 and here comes the headfund this predatory fund. The strangest thing is that it goes and buys your loan which is now 100,000 by giving 3000. 3000 has been brought from abroad and this, Mr. Mitsotakis considers it a direct foreign investment, what do you think?

Awesome investment investment what will do any work here? If it does they will hammer you for 50 grand the house you had bought 150 grand you have already paid your pocket 100 you have paid out of pocket 100 you have put that in, you have paid off the 50,000 and you have put 50 your pocket made 150 they are selling it 50 they have given 3 and 47 they are putting it in their pocket. Actually in their Cayman Islands account. Mitsotakis A E on the basis of electronic auctions introduced by Mr Tsipras in 2017. This is the truth.

Doesn't matter if we are day 25 alliance for the Rupture we tell you? No please our political opponents. Say what of what I just said either about the TENE, or about the predatory funds, It is not true say that they discredit these companies either and they do not say it we in Parliament 4 years now these things we say again and again I have in front of me Kyriakos Mitsotakis and I tell him that what you are doing with the predatory funds is criminal, because you know I do something else.

You know your children and your grandchildren have been assured of a minimum or minimal profit in the coffers from all this looting of people's homes and shops. Minimum profit 23 billion. Do you know what that means? That if we don't get it something is done and they couldn't put the hammer down to get that money? To pan to the Cayman Islanders You guys we are guaranteeing our children, our grandchildren a minimum profit at 23 billion. Do you know how much our government is giving to our entire national health care system? Five and a half to the whole education system and from there five and a half to six, that is, the total of health and education is around 11 and Mr Mitsotakis has guaranteed 23 billion minimum profit. In these funds, which the state does not have to give to need, your children will borrow them from the troika on conditions. It will not be the memorandum. The growth of Greece is not a problem. Finding imaginative lies.

That's what we've been doing for 4 years, we look them in the eye in Parliament and we tell them, but of course.
When the channels are owned by the owners of the funds themselves.
To the companies that give you indirectly from the energy exchange, not only the one that owns DEDDIE, but also the ones that own PPC.
The old PPC, CVC another fund in London the Mytilineos, the Peristeri, Vardinoyannis, Latsis or Melissanidis. All those who eat with huge spoons, forks and knives these are the owners of the channels.
So whatever we say in Parliament, if you do not listen, if you do not watch the 25.gr day, you will not find out.

And when the elections come up, as they are now, which is why I told you, it's a good time and they're obliged by law to get us out of it. The law says that these days you have to put MERA 25 on the channels.What does it do?The frost of black propaganda started Varoufakis saying that he will close the banks.
They have discovered an excellent system which we have designed to allow you to cooperate with each other and with the government.
In euros, free, whose you know is a nightmare of the bankers, other friends of Mitsotakis SA they so.
And they started. Now we had a question from a journalist. But will you close the banks?

What we said is that we want to build a system which is independent and close the banks, you can trade with each other for free.
But you will close the banks.
Have you heard of a mighty Swiss bank Credit Swiss, which collapsed, closed down a few weeks ago?
There the depositors had no problem there, because there is a mighty Swiss state that had money and basically covered the deposits of the people both through the government and through the Ministry of Finance and through the Central Bank. Because they have Swiss francs there; we don't have say that there deposits are guaranteed up to 100,000 by whom? By the state. Where will you find them? If the National Bank and Piraeus collapse? We say there's a DIMITRA system. It doesn't solve the problem of a banking crisis. But it does reduce costs.
Because you have a system that does not depend on the bankers, they don't waste you like they do now to go pay here in the cafe with a card, you will darken the soul of the owner and because they will eat whatever percentage of profit this man here that man has, the banker will eat it through the plastic card I see sometimes I have no change on me and I go to pay with a card, and there goes the man, there goes the other one to melt. He doesn't say anything to me he's polite. So we want to make such a system, which is very, very simple.

Each VAT number has an account and you have no codes to enter to pay; with such codes more simple with a mobile app. The technology is very simple now. Mr. Pierrakakis has built so many platforms. Let's build one ourselves. You don't want Demeter say something else if you don't like Demeter, so that we can make payments without giving gouaches to the bankers and have a payment system that will not fall if there is a problem in the banks.
You want to steal the banks like you shut them down in 15 who says we shut down the banks in 15 is like saying really not dicey if it's a historical parallel, it's like saying that about the occupation.
For the occupation it was the no that the Greek people said.
To Mussolini.

What did we say? We had an order to cut the social security. Do you remember what the ESSP is? A man who was receiving a 200 euro pension, he was receiving the ESSP, but he had made 150 this waiver and would almost give something to the ESSP, that is, he was going from 200 to 350 and the whole central banker of the European Central Bank was coming.
As if he was not ashamed. Mr. Draghi, Mrs. Lagarde. From Washington, from the IMF. Tell us what. You have to cut that out. Cut it out. And if you don't. If you don't cut it, I'm going to close the banks. Well, some of us then said close the banks.
We're not going to sacrifice the starving pensioners, not the big pensioners who are getting some big pension.
But you go to the man who gets €350 and say you're going to do 200 or I'm going to close the banks. This is a terrorist move by the European Central Bank. They are doing it and you know?

Take the VAT. Are we in Serres? Bulgaria is a stone's throw from here. I'm going to the hotel here. VAT: 24%.
There's 9 9.
Income tax is 10. Business tax is 10%. Here what is it? 22%, with 100% prepayment will it be possible to survive the business business on the pages when you have this situation in Bulgaria?
So? We make talk in the Parliament and do How to lower the VAT. I don't want to take it to 9-10. From 24 to 15
So does anyone disagree with that? You know, nobody disagrees. And Stakoras and Tsakalotos were Finance Ministers recently, after me. Between us we agree.
It's ridiculous to have 24% VAT in this country, everybody knows that.
What's the argument of when the cameras don't?
John, they won't let us. Who won't let us? Because you know, the troika left.
The lie.
They want you to glorify them that they got rid of the troika when they themselves tell you that the troika won't let us and if you tell them nice and at least in theory we haven't said anything about the memoranda they tell you that you're not even on enhanced supervision. Fine, let's come and legislate together. You don't want to go to 15% VAT? Take it to 19. I chose 19, you know why? Because it's Germany's VAT. We can't, we have European requirements, European restrictions.
You in Germany is 19%, Germany is not Europe, so what are the Germans for Germany to have 19% and it's also a powerful country, so don't be silly to have 24%. No one will tell you that you are anti-European if you choose the VAT of Europe, Europe, Germany.

Look at how they take it, their tactic is what?
The first thing they tell you is that taking us out of the euro equals a national disaster. We're going to die.
Which is not true. There will be a cost to leaving but it won't be a national disaster, but okay, it's a package deal. It's 2 steps, the first one will get us kicked out of the euro.
And the second is we'll have a national disaster. The second step is what? Whatever you tell them?
What's the first step? For the CVC that we were talking about before on red loans he tells you if you legislate, anything of what you guys are saying day 25 cut VAT, abolish the Hercules purchase, create Ulysses which is our proposal for a public company to manage red loans so that that money doesn't go to Kaman Island at least what do they tell you if you get him to legislate on it, as day 25 Alliance for Breakdown says.
Then they will close our banks and kick us out of the euro. So according to step one, national disaster. it's a lie.

It's a way to ensure that it's never discussed pre-election and post-election in Parliament.
Those things that are not discussed, which are the prerequisites to be.
Our country is sustainable because all these things I mentioned - taxation, red loans, energy.
They are key ingredients for it to be.
Sustainable country is not our sustainable country. Our children continue to go overseas as long as we don't do what the day 25 coalition proposes for the rupture and what is the only answer? No one is saying we are wrong.
No one is saying we are wrong. What are they saying? If you do what they say you're going to do, they're going to close our banks?

Look to see if the Europeans.
The Europeans, the other Europeans, why are we Europeans? So don't forget this is not Europe somewhere else. Here is Europe. This is where Europe starts, this is where the heart of Europe beats, as much as it beats in Berlin.
But those in power in Frankfurt, in Berlin, in Paris, in Brussels tell us that if you dare and you know something, I don't think they will say so much anymore.
The European Union is in a state of disintegration, you see, they are arguing about everything, they cannot agree on types of things that will close our banks because we are going to bring VAT to 15%.

But also in the final analysis.
Sustainability requires virtue and courage.
The ability of this country not to turn its children away. We do not want to leave the euro. It's a clear demetra system.
It is a system that every country in the eurozone should have.
It allows you to breathe better and reduces the banker's monopoly on the shop.
To the citizen, to society, so that society breathes better within the euro, but it is not bad at all that in case you have to leave the euro.
Because you never know what happens? Germany can leave now see. Do you believe that Germany does not have an exit plan from the euro? The Deutsche Bank, the Central Bank of Germany has no plan for what they should do step one, step two, step three if they have to get out and cut the Deutschmark again, and of course they would be despicable towards the German people if they didn't have a plan, which is what we are accused of here.
It is what we are.   
And I specifically so I am very much honored by being told that I am dangerous because I have a plan to exit the euro.

It's like accusing a Minister of Defence.
To accuse the Minister of Defence of having a plan for what to do if the foreign army invades the country.
Think about it, he says, do you have a plan for how you will react if the foreigners close our banks?
The equivalent is not with Erdogan.
Do we have a plan the Ministry of Defence for what happens If we get Castellorizo, I hope we do if the Minister of Defence doesn't have a plan for what happens if Turkey comes in and takes Castellorizo, then he's a despicable Minister of Defence. His job is to have a plan, it means the Minister of Defence wants it very much. No of course the same applies to us it is clear.

Look, we are in Serres and that is why it is important to honour the political tradition of this place.
Constantine Karamanlis, a political opponent of the Left, comes from Serres. I grew up in a family that pulsated with anti-Caramanism, but we must respect the fact that there is a tradition in this place.
Constantine Karamanlis, despite the disagreements he would have had with us if the man were alive at this moment. How would he feel?

For what they have done to the PPC, which was one of his big projects for Konstantinos Karamanlis when he was prime minister in the 50s.
57 58; 59; He saw and talked to the private sector.
The PPP, why did he build it? Because the private sector couldn't coordinate and create e.
A nationwide network for the production and distribution of electricity and he says, Karamanlis, we'll build it and he builds the PPC from the Greek people's savings and he did very well and now all these predatory PASOKs have come. That was the first to break. The PPC. Syriza.
Energy Exchange George Stathakis with Alexis Tsipras were promising us rabbits and stones for the PPC because of the energy exchange that was.
Cafe of misery where 5 oligarchs are among themselves and decide what to waste you.
Kyriakos Mitsotakis, he tied up to McQuary small PPC what was left of PPC to CVC
I think. eventually, when we go every last year and better. even the right of Constantine Karamanlis. He had a. philocnonic pro-growth.
Tendency, opinion, conscience that what all these PASOK, New Democracy, SYRIZA, the breaking of the public electricity company. It goes against the basic principles of even a Konstantinos Karamanlis, and I feel the need to say this here in Serres. And it's interesting to compare the way in which. The right operated under Karamanlis. With the way the right operates under Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
Karamanlis saw himself, for better or worse, as a guarantee of social cohesion.
As a guarantee of a normality and he could not think of anything else.  To do in his life. His goal was.
To the end to be in this particular existence, no matter that he was a political opponent of the left of the defeated emon?

Mr Mitsotakis is the CEO of a public limited company.
He acts as.
The CEO who's in the Macquarie.
At CVC.
Goldman Sachs.
A monopolistic or parasitic huge corporation.
Who wants to build, first.
His own portfolio.
His reputation in the marketplace and then move on to another firm.
For better terms, and you know, nonsense.

If you don't get the second election, because we're going to have two elections now, get ready to have us back here in a month, because we're doing this all over again after the burning of the proportional representation, for which SYRIZA is very largely responsible. But I will come to this.
If Kyriakos Mitsotakis fails to make government on the second Sunday gone, bye bye

he'll tell us he's going to some good place. To McKinsey, to become the Secretary General of NATO. He's got a lot of things to do. So the current reactionary conservative faction operates as an anonymous corporation which you know?

If you're a limited company, there's nothing wrong with operating as a limited company, but when the state behaves like a business, it's the end of society.
To give you an example?
We are asked to applaud the government that has, says the state. The state budget surplus.
That for a corporation is fine, but here the store again I take the example. I like that because it's right next to me. It has a surplus so that's good for the store it means it has a profit its revenue is more than expenses now. May you have a surplus.
On the good side, right?

If we are a family and we have a surplus, what does it mean? It means that our expenses every month rent, electricity.
Entertainment, clothes and other income. Our expenses are less than our income
We save, we put some money aside and that's good.
For a difficult time in the future for an investment in the education of our children, grandchildren, etc. But when the state operates like a limited liability company and wants us to celebrate its surplus.
What does it say? You know what he says he wants us to celebrate the citizens' deficit because the government's surplus equals? It's a truth of geometry, as Plato would say. A truth of arithmetic.
Not a company of the state, whatever surplus the state has, it is translated, it equals a deficit of the society, it means that it took you 1 € as a taxpayer us in the shop that did not put it in health, in education, in public investment and where did it go?
Either to the lenders of the troika.Either. It translates into subsidies.Where does he give the subsidies?
By the way, this is no different from the idea of the executioner. So, Pierrakakis built an online platform that gives you
A pass to get gasoline is different in what way?

Let me tell you how is it different that the aim is to give it to Vardinoyannis, to give it to Latsis who collects through you the money that the Greek state borrows?
That is what is done.
They subsidize the oligarchs with the surpluses, which they take out of the Greek social economy and less people come to the shops and Latsis Vardinoyannis, Melissanidis and
they invest it in Indonesia or they go to Cayman Islands.
That's what happens when you have a state, a government that operates as an anonymous company.

Friends.
We have gone through 13 years of memoranda, have you gone through 13 years of memoranda if we do not stop them?
This memorandum process that is not called memoranda. Of course now it will continue until Greece. ceases to exist in substance what does that mean?
Imagine becoming a country, either like Kosovo. Or like Hawaii.
If you go to Kosovo.
You go to Pristina and put a card in an ATM, will you get a card? Kosovo has euros.
It's not officially in the eurozone, but it has euros. So that's the official currency of Kosovo.
Walk around Pristina you won't see any new people. They have all left.
This country.
Country call it what you want say what is not viable has the euro.
So it has a European Commissioner, it has a NATO army, as we have here so but Kosovo is finished. It will never be able to create a vibrant society the same in Hawaii. Anyone who goes to Hawaii don't go suck it.
You will see it is a beautiful island, like our country is, a beautiful country with a very nice coastline.
Around the beaches are five-star hotels. The natives live in shacks in the centre of the island, the mini-bas come and pick them up in the morning at 06:00 in the morning they take them to the hotels, clean toilets, play the Hawaiian guitars and in the evening they take them back to the shacks
back to their troughs. This is what Greece will become if there is no break.
A break with what's been going on for 13 years.

The other day.
As I was walking down the street in Athens.
A young man stopped me and said, "I'm not interested in parties. Just.
I found a politician and I wanted to tell him something.
We young people have no life in this country.
He got up and left.
I'm not saying he was with us, he wasn't with us. That's it.
A reality, a brutal reality. His generation of lazy people.
That has changed.
The psychology of the majority of the people, why really?
After Tempe nothing is the same anymore. The youth have mastered the knowledge that if they don't rise up.
As this young man on the streets of Athens told me, there is no future here, our children are divided between 2 groups. Those who plan to leave and others who have decided to live a stooped life in this country with no prospects, no plans no plans no dreams no hope just day by day.
This is not something we will continue to feed.

We as a parliamentary party have achieved
One thing.
We put the no to this.
That amazing, brave, magnificent NO of 05/07/2015 we put it back in the Parliament, we were alone in it, the only one,
We support that No in Parliament. Do you know that?
I have to say it because the M.C.E. did not support the NO. Do you remember that?
He said that it was an illusion to vote no.
The only one who supports that no. We in Parliament.
The second thing we did is that.
We went beyond no because saying no after a while is tiring. You can't keep saying no, you have to say something positive.

We have tabled one legislative proposal after another. We have done the work.
We're just a handful of MPs.
If you look at the parliamentary work we have done over the last four years, it is the equivalent of a party with 70 MPs.
Look at this is objectively true now whether you agree or disagree with us? In any case, the work that has been done is enormous. We have tabled a proposal on Demeter, on Ulysses, on red loans, on tax, amendments, on education, amendments, on health.
We show what could be done instead of what is being done, because there is nothing that kills people's souls more than the feeling that what is being done is very bad for people, but there is no alternative.
That combination of having convinced people out there is a big majority.
That yes everything they are doing is against us.
But what can we do? There is no alternative to the What are you saying now? You for ruptures and so on this combination of submission?
And pessimism is part of the desertification of our country.
Our goal when we take down a bill, we draft a bill.
It has taken the government's bill. We are taking down a bill as we did in December 2021 a multi-bill on a number of issues from public property, private property.
Even on what to do with ELSTAT the Greek Statistical Service.
We're not doing it because we think Mitsotakis will say A What a great idea, we'll take it and legislate it. No we are doing it to show you what could be done.
If we had a progressive government.

Because the sacred obligation of the opposition parties is not just to say no. It is to show you on paper, not in words on paper. What bill would we have legislated if you had sent us to the benches of the coalition, not the opposition.
That's the only way democracy moves forward. Unfortunately, in the public debate that is now taking place in the run-up to the election.
None of this; cockfighting.
Only cockfighting, because you know?
After all, some people say to me, but John, the country shouldn't be governed.
The country must not be governed, there must not be a government, of course there must be a government.
A government that has a program that is coherent. Mitsotakis is right about one thing.
Do you remember this one? You may hear it in Thessaloniki, at the international exhibition now in September. When was it?
Last September, she had said.
That she had actually said not in these words, but something like this.
If you vote for me and he makes me prime minister again, do you know that he will wait? Have you seen 4 years? What I did this I will do, I will continue to do.
The others who talk about progressive governance, what will they do. He's right. Oh, all and all.
He even said something right.

That's why we now 2 years.
We suggest to anyone or everyone.
This is defined as progressive, they say, we are progressive, we will not judge who is progressive. We are not like the KKE who say you make us you don't make us you are a mound of the system we don't talk to you because you are not as pure as we are. No. Whoever's judging. Does PASOK consider itself progressive? Good. You are.
Along the way will show other nice, let's take it for granted SYRIZA SYRIZA who was come to talk.
Pre-election to sit down, to see and red loans what we will do about taxation, What we will do about education? What are we going to do about health, about the national health system I'm going to do, are we going to let it die the way it's dying and how are we going to save it, where are we going to get the money to do, let's talk.
Time out, months before the election, we've been proposing this for 2 years now and what do they tell us?
After the election, look after the election.
You know how it works here Sunday there is an election, we will know the results at 4am, Monday morning.
9am the President will give the nomination to someone.
By Wednesday night a government has to be formed Monday morning to Wednesday night.
Let's at the most share a ministerial car between us, shall we?

We didn't make Day 25 to hand out ministerial cars. Let alone I don't get into a car with a motorcycle.
So basically what are they saying?
They're saying they're not interested in a progressive government. They want to be the same ministers and prime ministers with a progressive face, with a cloth that says we are Progress.
So of the left and progress. But that's the worst you can do on the Left.
Conquering power, usurping it.
Yes, you implement unpopular measures because the Troika says so and what can we do? Because otherwise they will close our banks and to do this in the name of the Left is over Left, there is no Left. Then there will be a chance that a young person will ever hear the word left and not go away and get out of here too.
Well, let's be clear.
We.
Since they have closed the door to dialogue and there is no room for a coherent coherent government program to be worked out after the election, we will blackball you.
And our role will be in the House more and more to continue to do what we have been doing and.
Not just an extension of the previous four years.

The time has come, friends. Comrade companions. The time has come to work for the new great left, the new great militant left that will govern, that will create a majority.
What is the art of progressive politics? It is the art of creating conditions
for a majority.
This has happened.
Very few times in history had Alienesti Chile achieved it; Andreas Papandreou achieved it in 1981. We achieved it in Syriza in 2015.
In the case of Allende, did they kill him?
In the case of 15 our government capitulated.
We are here to look you in the eye and tell you that we may be defeated, but we will not capitulate.
The art of creating a broad majority.
We will conquer it together, not just as day 25.
What we have achieved in the last year since the decision of the first inter-parliamentary council of the Day 25 Congress is that we have opened our doors, we have opened our arms.
To a wide range.
From left-wing militants, with whom I had until recently disagreed with.
It is a huge personal thrill for me that with popular unity we are together.
That we are together with the aras that we are together with people of the left, such as Christos Laskos Thessaloniki, such as Dimitris Zervoudakis, such as the awesome amazing Hero Dioti from Larissa, Marios Dionellis from Heraklion.
We are laying the foundations for the new great faction of the militant left that will bring hope, hope. We cannot promise more than that. We do not populate hope.
That this country will become viable again, but something that requires rupture.
It won't happen at the grassroots.
Of closed-door meetings with the political representatives of Vardinoyannis of Latsis.
The CVC of the Macquarie and the bad clash.

Because it's, it's very, very hot here today and I can see that you're getting cold and I want to apologize because we don't do that. You know in Merra25 usually
We say, we start at 8 and we start at 8. Today I apologize for being late.
It had to do with our own organizational problems, it's nice to have an apology, isn't it?
Before I greet you
And again I'll make an appointment for the next time we'll be here after the first election and before the second election. I want to ask those who, or whoever.
who will grace and honor the Day 25 ballot in Serres to stand up.
As I read your names bright Genius-Michalopoulou.
Foteini, welcome to our ballot paper.
Alexia Theodoridou.
Hello Alexia.
Panagiotis Kotronis.
Hello Panagiotis.
Thomas, Boudourides.
Hello, Thomas.
Stavros Papaioannou.
Stavros.
Michael Pistioli.
Hello, Michael.
And Sophia Florou.
Hello, Sophia.
Closing and saying goodbye.
To all of you and thanking you.
A very simple request.
Let's enjoy it, folks, because democracy, even this flimsy hollow bourgeois democracy has a wild beauty.

Too many people fought. We recently had the anniversary of 21/04, they gave their blood so that we could be able to speak without being booed by security.
To go to the polls, to cast our vote. That alone does not bring democracy.
It is not a sufficient condition for democracy, but it is a necessary condition and because we still have a party. The Day 25 coalition for the break we say, what we believe and we believe what we say and there are no shadows.
We are not afraid of the political cost, as the story of Demeter proves, we are not hiding, we say everything as we feel and we feel as we say it, which means that we can pour into the streets, in Serres, throughout Greece.
Carrying the truths about what is happening to the people, to the people to whom it is happening, who don't know it because the media of mass deception and deception hide it from them.
And have fun and have fun a lot. It's revolutionary to have a good time while doing politics. Thank you very much.
Come on up.
Come on up, candidates and candidates
