Piraeus sends a message of victory and on Sunday we will celebrate the great victory of New Democracy and the victory of Olympiacos in the basketball Final Four.I am very touched by you, friends. It is truly spectacular to receive you today in Piraeus. Just four days before the elections, we are sending the same message from every corner of Greece: Greece will be blue, Piraeus will be blue, Piraeus II will be blue, Piraeus V will be blue, not only Piraeus I.To send together the message of continuing the great effort that we all started together, friends, in July 2019, when we signed the truth agreement, which we have fully respected.

Today, despite the difficulties, Greece is a better country. And yes, Piraeus is also a much better city, with a functioning Metro, with important development projects.I visited the Piraeus Tower a while ago and perhaps this is the best picture of Greece that is changing. It had been a 'carcass' for twenty years, it is being transformed into a modern building with 300 employees, with new jobs, with better wages. And as the whole of Piraeus changes, so does our country.

One message I want to convey to you today, here in Piraeus, is that this effort must continue. And it will only continue with a strong New Democracy, the winner of the elections on Sunday.Because indeed, friends, we have gone through "forty waves" during these four years. You know better than anyone how many difficulties we have had to deal with.

But I am proud that in all the difficulties the state has stood by society and by the most vulnerable.You can see here today, in Piraeus, a market that has been reinvigorated. All this is happening because in the years of the pandemic we supported workers and businesses. In the years of the energy crisis we supported the electricity bills and we have always stood by our most vulnerable fellow citizens.Do you know why? Because we are the great people's party of the country. The party that does not talk about progress in theory, but speaks in practice.

A while ago I saw a good friend of mine here, I had met him for the first time homeless in Piraeus. And today he has found a home through a program that this government has created, a work and housing program for our most vulnerable citizens.

We have supported the defenders of labour. A friend said to me, "Tell me what you're going to do with the Katrougal personal difference". I said to him, "Send the bill for the Katrougalos law to Mr Tsipras and Mr Katrougalos.We are the ones who raised pensions for the first time, and I pledge here, from Piraeus, for those pensioners who did not see an increase because of the personal difference, we will continue to support you until the personal difference is finally erased.

So I would like to ask you, friends, to continue to encourage this great effort that we have started, this blue wave that is now swelling across the country, to continue to encourage it until the last day of the elections.There are five days left until the elections, we will have to do a good finish, we are good marathon runners but we are also good sprinters. Because I want there to be no doubt on the evening of May 21 about the will of the Greek people, about who they will put the responsibility for governing on: on New Democracy, our great party.

So that we can continue on this path of progress, to continue to create jobs, to increase wages, to attract investment, to turn Piraeus into a real growth engine. Continue to support our National Health System, our Education.

Today I visited a school in Piraeus and saw the first interactive whiteboards which are being installed in every Greek public school classroom from the 5th grade to the 3rd grade. Money from the Recovery Fund. A true revolution in education. You should see the smiles of the children and the smiles of the teachers and the teachers.In fact, a teacher came to see me at school and said: "fortunately, the New Democracy government had to come in so that I could be permanently appointed in education". We made 25,000 appointments, and all these teachers who were going from island to island, substitutes with complete job insecurity, now know that they have a stable position so that they can serve their profession.

And of course, friends, I would also like to say a few words about the difficult geopolitical environment in which we find ourselves today, and why the elections that are coming up are of enormous importance not only for the economy, for health, for education, for pensions, but also of enormous importance for what will happen on the foreign policy front.I personally know very well how difficult it has been to manage Turkey over these four years. But we are the ones who kept the country strong, who invested in the Armed Forces, who built alliances from the Gulf to the Far East and from Europe to Congress. Yes, it was a great honor that I was able to speak in the United States Congress and that the voice of Greece was heard in the capital of the superpower.

Citizens who will vote on Sunday should consider that they are voting for a government and a Prime Minister who must keep the country's boat stable and safe in troubled waters, and only New Democracy, our great party, can guarantee this.

You see that I have avoided saying anything about the opposition and its leader personally. A gentleman said it very nicely: 'we don't need to say anything. We know him well, we have tested him, we don't believe any of the lies he tells us".I prefer every minute of the time I have to talk about the future, to talk about our plans for a Greece that is really strong. To talk about how we are going to improve your incomes, how we are going to reduce taxes even more, how we are going to support pensioners. That's what you expect to hear from us.

We are the only party which, today, has a well thought-out and costed programme and essentially, friends, let's not kid ourselves, we are the only serious proposal for the next day's governance of the country.Because here you vote for New Democracy and you know: you vote for New Democracy, you have Prime Minister Mitsotakis. On the other hand, a landscape in a fog. The country does not need uncertainty today, nor does it need instability, nor does it need experimentation and allied governments where one is always looking at how to undermine the other, instead of working for the good and prosperity of the country.

Friends, I want you to know one thing: we will win this election and we will win it by a wide margin.We have with us many old fighters who have fought many elections and who know very well that elections are decided until the last day. So I would ask you that there should be no complacency. We are doing well, we can do even better and we will do better.So let us go and give it all on Sunday night. In addition to the great victory of Olympiacos in basketball, Constantine and Helen, we will also celebrate the victory of New Democracy and the victory of our party, the victory of Greece.Be well. Thank you very much for this impressive reception. Good strength and a good race. Be well. Thank you very much.
 