I want to warmly thank you for your welcome in Chalcis. Thank you very much for the welcome and applause. Today, I am here in Chalkida, Evia, a region that knows all too well what injustice means. We are here to listen to the people, to listen to the citizens, and to put forward our proposals. We have a difficult struggle ahead of us in difficult circumstances, but you have known for years that our basic characteristic is that we do not give up. We fight with determination, even in the most difficult moments. We do not give up because what dominates our thinking is not party interests, but the fact that society is currently facing a great risk. Greek society needs support. Greek society needs a plan and a breathing program for the next day to tackle the great inequalities. Greek society, especially those forces such as wage earners, workers, small and medium-sized entrepreneurs, farmers, and stockbreeders, need support in the next day. So we will do everything we can to reverse these correlations that we saw at the ballot box on May 21st.

On June 25th, there will be a new election. On May 21st, we had a vision that we were unable to put into practice. Our vision was to change the political system by implementing a simple proportional representation system with the goal of cooperation between progressive forces. Unfortunately, all the other progressive forces were focused on their own interests instead of the future of the country. We extended our hand for cooperation, but they rejected it and chose to align with Mr. Mitsotakis instead. We have self-criticized and realized that this vision cannot be implemented anymore. The strategic choice of proportional representation has suffered a defeat, and we are now facing elections with a different electoral system. There is no simple proportional representation, and it may not exist for many years to come. In this election, we are using the system of enhanced proportional representation, which means that either one party or the other will rule.

Of course, we understand the difficulty of a negative correlation, but citizens need to know what the alternative plans that are currently being opposed are. The alternative plans are those of the New Democracy of Mr Mitsotakis. They say tax breaks for the rich and taxes for the many, the non-existence of a welfare state, the dismantling of public health care, the dismantling of public infrastructure. On the other hand, the Syriza programme says that society must be supported, we must build up the public health care system, we must tackle the problem of poverty, we must strengthen income, we must stand by the farmer, the stockbreeder, the small and medium-sized entrepreneur. That is why we choose to fight this battle with our programme as our weapon. Before the election, Mitsotakis and his propaganda wanted to create the impression that SYRIZA's programme is supposedly over-budget. It does not come off. We were told that it costs 20, 40, 80 billion euros. Who are those who bankrupted the country in 2009? Do not forget that they left us in 2015 with empty coffers. We managed to get the country out of the memoranda and the crisis and left 37 billion in the public coffers. Who are those who owe the banks 400 million euros, borrowed and unloaned? They tell us that we do not know how to make calculations, that we do not owe the 1 €.

However, the majority of Greek society did not hear our proposals but instead watched this debate about the cost of our program. Did you travel from the western regions to the popular neighborhoods of Athens? I proposed to Mr. Mitsotakis that we should take our programs together to the general accounting office of the state, to the budget office of the parliament, to whichever independent body would eventually cost them, and the next day he should not run away but come and discuss them publicly and openly in a television debate about the programs. So yesterday, the masks came off. He wants neither a costing of his program nor a TV debate; all he wants is to lie and propagandize. I wonder why the New Republic refuses to cost their own program? Why? Because it's a favor to us, the spokesman said yesterday. Mr. Skertsos stated that their program has been tabled in the medium term. The truth is that 90% of Mr. Mitsotakis' announcements have not been submitted in the medium term. It is good when the government tells us that it will show the average nominal wage in 2022 and the average real wage in 2022-23, that it will bring the average wage to €1500, and that without thawing the triennia without collective agreements, how will this be achieved? So we all know that the plan of the New Democracy of Mr. Mitsotakis is to widen inequalities, to widen the jungle, the labor jungle, and to give support to the powerful and not to the many.

So we will enter this electoral debate with our program and proposals, and we will tell the Greek people the truth. The truth is that it is not us who want to increase insurance contributions for freelancers and farmers. The truth is that we have brought two and a half million uninsured people into the national health system, and those who cannot afford to cover their insurance contributions are being left out of the services of the EOPYY. The truth is that we have a plan to settle the debts of small and medium-sized businesses and farmers by canceling part of the nominal debt and offering 120 installments. The truth is also that we do not have a plan to increase taxes for the many, but to reduce taxes on the indirect taxes of value-added tax and excise tax that have looted the income of households.

Mr Mitsotakis says that he has not raised taxes in these four years. The truth is that he has increased taxes by four and a half billion a year, through the maintenance of a high value added tax and excise tax, when it comes to the household basket. In fact, from €50 it goes to €100 and the tax rates are not reduced. Then the tax paid by the citizen doubles when filling up with petrol, going from €50 to €100. The tax paid by the citizen also doubles when the farmer purchases a bag of fertilizer that costs €50 and pays €150. This is the tax plunder that has affected the citizen, the farmer, the consumer, and everyone in the middle class. Mr Mitsotakis.

Of course, we are told that we will tax refineries and energy companies, and I really want to ask you: do any of you have a refinery? Do any of you have any energy companies, and are you afraid that we will tax you? They are afraid that we will tax them. They are right to be afraid. I was watching the other day, dear friends, a Bank of Greece report on bank deposits. What this report said was that 72.5% of deposits are up to €1,000, which is the vast majority of people, and 0.7% of deposits are more than €100,000. But what else? Critically, this 72.5% of deposits up to €1,000 is €2.6 billion in aggregate, while this 0.7% of deposits over €100,000 is €81 billion. €81 billion, 0.7%, and €2.6 billion, 72%. Well, Greece is a country of great contrasts. So, this is the Greece of Mr Mitsotakis. These are the contradictions, these are the great injustices, and we are coming to respond to these injustices with our programme, which says that there must be an end to obscenity. The rich must be taxed, and not the middle classes, and the poor must not be plundered with indirect taxes, such as value-added tax and excise duty.

I also know that a critical issue for the vast majority of society is the issue of public health, and we all know what the situation is today in public hospitals. I will give you just one number. In December 2019, before the pandemic and after our own effort, despite the fact that we were under memoranda, those serving the National Health System - doctors, nurses, and staff - totalled 108,000. In December 2022, just 6 months ago, despite the pandemic, those serving the National Health System totalled 84,000. This is the reality today. And this is the reality because there is a plan behind all of this - the plan to privatize every inch of public space, privatize education, privatize health, privatize even water. And this is the plan they want to come and impose through a constitutional amendment for which they want, he says, to have 180 MPs.

So we are here today to say that we have an obligation to stand against the conservative neoliberal juggernaut and overturn these plans, which have sometimes written off our people and sometimes written off Syriza. But they always calculated without the hotelier. I want to call on all of you to fight this battle until the last second, to convince the citizens of our program, and to do everything possible to overturn these correlations. We can overturn these correlations. On June 25th, the polls will be empty. Whether they will be filled differently than they were on May 21st is up to the work we do over the next 20 days.

And we owe it, especially to the people of Evia, to remind them not only of what right-wing means, but also of what injustice means. A policy that widens inequalities and injustice. I want to address something in particular to those people in North Evia. Today, I will go to North Evia to speak to those people who have seen their properties reduced to ashes in 10 days and have only seen promises of reconstruction for two years, but with no visible results. I also want to address the citizens of Chalkida, who are seeing the public infrastructure of their city crumble. I want to speak to the workers of South Evia and the workers in Mandoudi, an area that used to be full of life but is now in the midst of deindustrialisation and desertification. I want to refer to the people of South Evia who see an anarchic perspective through the wind turbines that are sprouting up everywhere without a plan. I want to refer to the people of Evia who see that there is no infrastructure, no road network, and above all, they see the great danger of unemployment drowning them. I want to say to all these citizens that on June 25th, regardless of whether they have disagreements with us or reservations about us, we should join forces because only by joining forces can we bring prospects and hope to your country and to the country.

The new democracy and its propaganda apparatus want to turn citizens who did not vote for them before and will not vote for them now to smaller parties. Why? Because they want to be unchecked and have no force to stop them. We call on citizens who voted for smaller parties, those who abstained from the elections, and young people who abstained from the elections to unite their voice at the ballot box with the SYRIZA Progressive Alliance ballot paper. New Democracy is terrified of the prospect of SYRIZA overturning the correlations because they know it is possible. Citizens must realize that this time we are voting for our lives, and it is our lives that are being decided.

Therefore, we call on the citizens of Chalkida and the citizens of Evia to unite their voices with ours, to do everything possible to support society and its needs, to do everything possible in the remaining 20 days to reverse the trends and to provide perspective and hope for justice, so that the hope of justice in our country does not fade away. We have a great responsibility not to let it fade away. And we will not let it fade away.

We should appeal to pensioners, defenders of working life, and tell them that under the new democracy, the pension they receive, although not reduced, has much less power. In 2019, they could go to the supermarket or give a gift to their grandchildren. They need to have a life with dignity, not just survive. We need to turn to small business owners and say that it's lies and propaganda that SYRIZA will increase contributions and adjust their debts. SYRIZA will give you what you need. We should address workers and say that it is in their class interest to have a force that will fight and implement a plan to restore collective agreements, increase wages, and restore the labor normality of justified dismissal so that workers are not dismissed without reason. Finally, we need to address the 700,000 households whose property and homes are threatened from auctions as they have passed their mortgages from the banks to the crows and funds. We need to tell them that what is coming is uncontrollable. It's a tidal wave, it's a tsunami. Mr. Georgiades said yesterday that it is old-fashioned to protect the first home. We say that social protection is not old-fashioned, it is called social plunder. Social illiteracy.

With these thoughts, I want to call on all of you to fight until the last second to keep society standing, to keep hope alive, and to reverse this trend. We will be here today and tomorrow, and we will always be together in this fight. We will go strong for the great turnaround.