Young Democrats of Athens, Onnedites, Dapites, thank you for this amazing welcome.We meet again in the same place, four years after the triumph of 2019 and a few hours before the new great victory of the New Democracy.All of Greece is blue today, all of Athens is blue, and we are all here together again, in the heart of Athens and all of Greece, ready to give a second mandate to progress. One that is sealed by our impressive rally, much bigger than the one we had in 2019.Thank you for your pulse, your optimism. Thank you, above all, for your faith in today and in the future of our country.

A lot has happened in these four years. All of us have faced unprecedented crises, but we have also faced critical stakes, which we have won and emerged victorious again.Your love gives me strength, and I thank you from the bottom of my heart. Four years ago, united and strong, we laid the foundations of a new country.With the help of the Greek people, we will continue the important work we have begun. And the day after tomorrow, on the day after tomorrow, on the day of Constantine and Helen, we will continue to build the new Greece. We renew our appointment with the future.

I was happy, as I was coming and crossing this huge crowd, to see old fighters and new friends of the party around me.I know the capital well, as a member of the Parliament of Athens for 20 years now. I can assure you that this blue river is indeed unprecedented for our city. And this overwhelming presence is not only incomparably greater, it is also incomparably more dynamic than the one in 2019.I remember very well, friends, this gathering four years ago, when I stood on the very same platform under the shadow of the Acropolis. I did not promise you miracles then, but a lot of work and concrete actions.

From exactly the same position, then, I was emphasizing verbatim: "important for us is the guarding of our borders and dealing with migration. Because Greece has borders on land and in the air, and these borders must be guarded." "we will reduce taxes on individuals and businesses", because it is a measure that benefits citizens and at the same time has a developmental character.Four years later, everyone can judge the consistency between our words and our deeds. I have honoured the former and put the latter into practice. I have remained true to my duty; and with the same strength that we implemented what we said yesterday, we will do tomorrow what we are planning today. I ask you again today to renew the truth agreement that we first signed in 2019.I will not stop trying until this agreement becomes the final contract of the country with a better future for all. I sign this before you tonight, closing a cycle but beginning a new era.On Sunday night, New Democracy will be the first government to achieve a second major consecutive election victory in years.

In the meantime, we have faced everything from the migratory invasions in Evros to the pandemic, from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and international precision to the challenges of Turkey.They were unprecedented challenges, but challenges that we overcame all together, while at the same time, we were laying the foundations for what we promised in 2019.We do not care what our opponents do, we only care that we will be the winners on Sunday night.

So what we promised you, we have done. Less taxes and contributions, more investment and new jobs, with benefits that will always be in line with the strength of the economy, a friendly and digital state at home but reliable and proud abroad, without the burden of immigration and with an armoured defence.This is what I have talked to you about from this platform. And where are we today? To be able to say: "we said it and we did it". We are paying 50 fewer taxes, and 7 billion in taxes have been lifted from your shoulders. ENVIA has been reduced, not by 30% as we said, but by 35%. The first rate has fallen from 22% to 9%. We have abolished the solidarity contribution for everyone and parents now pass on their property to their children free of charge.

And not only that. During the successive crises - and I am very proud of this because we are the great people's party with a social footprint - we supported the economy, society and labour, but we also stimulated growth, with investments that reduced unemployment, and some of this wealth returned to society in the form of permanent increases. By stimulating entrepreneurship we created 300,000 new jobs, primarily for young people and for those who want to return home from abroad.The minimum wage went from 650 to 780 euros. Our pensioners saw for the first time in 12 years an increase of almost 8%. And those who are wronged by the Katrougalos personal difference will continue to be supported by our government until this difference is finally erased.

We were able to do so and we were freed from European supervision. We paid off the IMF loans two years earlier, we were upgraded 12 times. And, yes, we are one step away from investment grade -an extremely important development, it will allow you all to borrow at a lower cost of money. Something that with a New Democracy government, I guarantee, will become a reality within the first 100 days.

But I am equally proud that in the same period the place - "scorpion village" has ceased to be a centre for migrants passing through. Illegal flows have been reduced to almost zero. The disgrace of Moria is a thing of the past, while the national and European borders exist, no matter how much some people pretended not to see them.And the fence on Evros, which some people fought fiercely against, is being extended and made a reality by our government.

Of course, we know that there is no prosperity without national sovereignty. The one that is protected - and when you don't see them, I assure you they are there and flying - by 24 new Rafale fighters, 84 upgraded F-16s, and from 2028 F-35s. Three new frigates, new corvettes, because alongside our reborn defence industry are our reborn shipyards; we have breathed life back into the shipbuilding zone. We have saved people from unemployment. We got the shipyards going again. Do you know why? Because - we make no secret of it - for us, national defence is the ultimate end in itself. A non-negotiable priority for our great patriotic party.

But on the diplomatic front we have not stood still. For the first time, the country extended its territorial waters in the Ionian Sea to 12 nautical miles. We established maritime zones with Italy and Egypt. We have shown that we can resolve such issues in accordance with international law.  We signed - even if some people fought them - strategic agreements with France and the United States. We are now an international energy hub. And yes, I am proud that the voice of Greece is now heard loudly from Brussels to the US Congress, so we can say it without arrogance: what we have said we have done. What we are doing is first and foremost for the younger generation, for our children. So that they can have the right to claim the right to live in a better country than that of their parents.

Friends and friends, a lot has happened. But I am the first to know that much more needs to be done. Things have not always turned out the way we wanted them to. We have also identified weaknesses and made mistakes. These are phenomena that lead us to combine yesterday's negative experiences with tomorrow's positive expectations.The economy, for example, has objectively done very well. The average income was supported, the vulnerable were supported, but I know, first hand, that wages in our country are still low and are being "nibbled" by imported precision.The National Health System, yes, it has withstood the pandemic, we have doubled the number of ICUs, we have hired 18,000 doctors and nurses. But we still have shortages and cots, and we have delays in surgeries; so does the state. Gov.gr is a real revolution, it has abolished the queues of bureaucracy. And, yes, the NFKA now pays out pensions on time, in two months, not two years, as was needed at one time. But recent tragedies have shown us that much still needs to change; and the same is true of education. We are the ones who, after 12 years, made 25,000 permanent teacher appointments. We have doubled the number of standard and experimental schools; soon 36,000 public school classrooms will have interactive whiteboards.

But this work must continue and the steps must be taken in leaps and bounds, while new speeds are also required for major projects.Indeed, today, new roads are crossing the country, hundreds of interventions are being made for our farmers, of huge importance for irrigation.Yesterday I had the opportunity to admire the Thessaloniki Metro, which is becoming a reality, along with the city's antiquities. A tangible project, not a project painted on tarpaulins. But the future cannot wait and, in the basin in particular, our priority is the construction of Line 4 of the Metro, the extension of Line 2 to Ilion, the huge upgrade of the Suburban Railway in West Attica, the coastal front, and of course the double redevelopment of Botanikos. Today the contract for the construction of the new Panathinaikos stadium was signed, which will be ready in the summer of 2026. For us Olympians, congratulations also on qualifying for the Final Four.And of course, by 2027, 2,000 new buses, most of them electric, will be on the streets of the capital.

As you can see, friends, we know what we have achieved, we know where we have stumbled, but we know what we have to do by policy area and by region of the country.All of this is encapsulated in our programme. A governance programme that is costed in five chapters, you have seen it, you have studied it, for a productive, social, fair, digital, strong Greece.Today is a day of celebration, I will not bore you by talking about it in detail. But I will ask you to keep four major goals that we have set for the next four years: better wages for all and for all. Decent health care, a new National Health System. An effective state with evaluation everywhere. And of course, a proud and strong homeland.

I describe them in a few words. The minimum wage will go to 950 euros and the average wage to 1,500 euros within four years. The civil servants' pay scale will be increased from 1/1/24. Additional tax-free allowance of 1,000 euros for families with children. Reduction of presumptions by 30%. Reduction of employer contributions and gradual abolition of the last memorandum tax, the business tax.

I have talked about modern health care many times, hold back the 80 hospitals and 156 health centres that are being upgraded with Recovery Fund money so that waiting times are significantly reduced. And, of course, 10,000 appointments of health workers, nurses first and foremost, but also doctors; and, for the first time, a screening programme extended to all citizens for all major diseases. Especially for women listening to us, they know how important the breast cancer prevention program is. Policies that really do save lives.

Third objective, the state close to the vulnerable. Increasing the guaranteed income, a policy I am very proud of.  Two thousand of our severely disabled fellow citizens are finally getting a personal assistant.

And, as I said, in the civil service, two words: evaluation everywhere and for everyone, so that performance is rewarded and weaknesses are cured, in a 100% digital and 100% professional administration.

Fourth, permanent, non-negotiable goal: a strong Greece. The Evros fence will be finished in two years. The important arms programmes are continuing, as are the explorations for our natural wealth, southwest of Crete, which have begun for the first time in ten years, along with the major investments in energy, in gas reception and in renewable energy sources, where our country is becoming a European champion.

It's important, you know, to talk about this agenda. People will not only vote on the economy, on health care, they will also vote on who will keep the country's foreign policy and defence steady. And it is time to finally separate the so-called patriots of hollow slogans from the everyday patriots of action.Ladies and gentlemen of Athens, I have tried to be brief, I have not mentioned the digital work card that protects young children from undeclared overtime, I have not mentioned in detail the 'My Home' programme, I have not mentioned in detail the very important measures to tackle the scourge of under-birth and to support the Greek family, especially working mothers.

Because today, in our last pre-election meeting, I want to talk a little more about the crucial battle that we are facing: facing constant uncertainty, facing the most ruthless opponents, who disagree with each other but together are betting on the "landmine" of proportional representation. A trap of ungovernability that must be cancelled by our vote before it becomes a national weakness and collective paralysis.I see Mr Tsipras raising his finger, while he has failed both as a government and as an opposition, first by burdening the country with an unnecessary third memorandum. Mr President, Mr Antonis Samaras, we knew how close we had brought the country to completing the evaluation. We did not need the third memorandum. It was unnecessary, the result of the tragic negotiation that took place in the first half of 2015, and of course, then as the opposition when we said "no" to armaments, "no" to the fence, "no" to increases, "no" to the rights of our fellow citizens with disabilities. He even said 'no' to the exclusion of the Golden Dawn cutthroat. Now we know why he did it: because he is the only political leader who unabashedly 'turns a blind eye' to the Golden Dawn vote.

The money tree is of course going strong, 83 billion in benefits. He has the audacity to call for "Justice everywhere". Who? The one who set up the Novartis collusion and has the 13-0 convict in the Special Court, Mr. Pappas, by his side. He needs no disapproval, send the message in Sunday's elections with your positive vote; but he is desperately seeking a path, a path to power, at first flirting with Mr Varoufakis and his "Demeteras" in a government of "progressive" forces that exists only in his imagination.

Then we saw him - as the leader of the losers - calling for a "government of the losers". Later he proposed a "government of tolerance". And now he is proposing, he is whispering something about a "special purpose government". That is, mind you, a "government of total destruction"; in other words, an endless hodgepodge of contrivances that gamble with the future of the country. Block their path to instability, to uncertainty, to decadence, to regression, with your vote on the coming Sunday.And of course, as we approach the polls, it didn't take long for them to be fully revealed, with Mr Katrougalos confessing the day before yesterday his plan: a return to his own social security system - hear this well, freelancers - with the first measure being the tripling of contributions on the incomes of freelancers. And yesterday he withdrew from SYRIZA. Not deleted, of course. As was the case with Mr Polakis.Because the truth is that Mr Katrougalos has assured five times that SYRIZA's hidden agenda foresees a new tax storm. He even explained that they have found ways to overcome the decision of the Council of State. After all, don't forget that when we changed the way freelancers were taxed, Tsipras voted against the relevant provision.Why? Because, quite simply, what Mr Katrougalos testified to is their real agenda. Block their way with your vote on Sunday.Unwittingly, Mr Katrougalos revealed that SYRIZA remains a relentless persecutor of the middle class. With an incorrigible leader whose every word is a lie and every action a disaster, a threat, who prefers chaos to his own defeat.

"Long live New Democracy" can be heard today from here, from Thiseio, all over Greece. But there is one more contributor to this chaos... It was the GDR that always fought for open universities, of knowledge and not of violence. To end the Molotov cocktails, the masked men and to return the public university to those who really belong to it: the students, the professors.I return to the other protagonist of the day, co-conspirator of the chaos that Mr Tsipras envisions: Mr Androulakis.What does it mean to not be the Prime Minister that the citizens vote for? Let him come and tell us here. Let him listen to the voice of the Greek people. The citizens do not only vote for a party, they also vote for a Prime Minister, and I am sorry, but the friends of PASOK - I respect them, I honour them, together we resisted populism - are therefore not keeping an equal distance from the disaster and from the prospect. They must stand by us in this common progress.To be honest, I have said it before, the voters of PASOK, and of other parties, certainly feel that they are living better now than in 2019. They may not vote for us, we will consider the glass half full, they see it half empty, but they do not see it empty and shattered, as Syriza says.So they will not risk what they have conquered. And they will certainly not become the crutch of the one who until yesterday was their rival.

My friends, the country needs today more than ever before confidence and perspective and that is why the unifying current that brought Greece forward four years ago is growing day by day and expanding. They are all free citizens, far from party blinkers.They are asking for what? Stability and a more optimistic future. That is why they are rallying around the broad progressive front expressed today by our New Democracy, our great party, which has proven that it can renew itself and spread itself, which has proven that it can move forward in a common stride with those who say "no" to adventurism and "yes" to responsible patriotism and creative modernisation. And alongside friends whose mistakes may have upset them, but we have never betrayed them, because we have been consistent in what we said we would do.

And perhaps most importantly, Turkey is about to have second elections. The result of our ballot box will also travel to the other side of the Aegean. Think twice, today, May 19, the day of commemoration of the genocide of our Pontian brothers and sisters.And let us agree here that the message of the ballot box must, above all, be a message of stable and strong leadership, a signal that the country will have an experienced and strong hand at the helm.Friends, as we come to the end of this very beautiful election period, finally, you know, this is the dilemma you have before you: who do you want as Prime Minister of the country. That is what the citizens will answer; but we will also answer something else: whether we want stability or lasting uncertainty. Whether we want relief and increases or tax raids and cuts, a return to the Katrougalos era; whether we keep the country safe or make it weak in the face of every threat. In other words, do we ultimately want New Democracy to continue its work, yes or no?

I have personally taken stock of these four years. I have seen our successes, I have seen our weaknesses. I have weighed myself and my responsibilities in the mirror.So I can look you in the eye and honestly tell you that if there are two verbs that express me, they are "I feel" and "I try". As I have had a duty, I have given my soul to the responsibility you have entrusted to me to lead the country. And that is what I will continue to do. The choice now is whether to move forward or turn back. And I pass this great responsibility on to you.

On Sunday we weigh, decide and vote. And the responsibility falls heavily on the shoulders of every citizen. Voting is a choice, not an evasion. It leaves no room for frivolity, nor for experiments.After all, here, under the Holy Rock, the words of Pericles always apply: 'when the city prospers, it benefits each citizen more than when each individual prospers. While when the city has gone downhill, he who prospers privately, if the country is destroyed, will suffer the same fate"; therefore we must march united in this constant struggle for prosperity. We are together in the dangers. As we are together in the future of hope, of optimism, that we can build a new Greece better, for a better life for all Greek women, for all Greeks. The country that we want and that each and every one of us deserves. And this is the message that I ask you, the soul of the party, to carry to every district, to every home, until the last moment.Don't forget that on Sunday morning all the polling stations will be empty. By the evening they must be filled with millions of New Democracy ballots. Blue will embrace the whole country, from the Othonians to Kastelorizo, from Evros to Gavdos.Go ahead, keep our flags, our eyes and our hearts high. We start from the Acropolis.  The symbol of Athens. For a self-reliant Greece and a self-reliant New Democracy.On 21 May we vote, on 22 May we continue. We move steadily, boldly and only forward. We are going together for the great victory.Thank you from the bottom of my heart for this amazing gathering, for your love. Let us go together to win. Let us go together to lift Greece up. Be well. Thank you. And with victory.