Even though the weather did not favor us, we continue our march for June 25th. It is a milestone date for PASOK to return even more dynamically to the political scene. I am sure that with the struggle of each and every one of us individually throughout Greece and here in Crete, we will bring the sun back up and make our island green again, just as the castle of PASOK, the castle of the democratic party, was historically green politically.

But what are we facing in the last few days? Suddenly, they are reading our program until the next elections and all they are asking us is who we are going to go with. Finally, the Greek people answered them with contempt, stating that first the people decide and then there are discussions about governments, convergences, and program dialogues. Now they have discovered the program, but they display what they want and how they want it. Why? Because quite simply, Mr. Mitsotakis and New Democracy are faithful to the doctrine that is all for power without principles or values. They have created a system of communicative absolute storm and communicative totalitarianism. I cannot explain otherwise how it is possible to consider overtaxing €1000, not on the profits of the company, but on personal dividends of €70,000. What we are saying is that it is €1000 more, and it is not overtaxation. It is a blow to the middle class and the weak Greeks that he has collected €5 billion more in VAT than he had budgeted in two years. That is the blow. That is overtaxation. That is the undermining of common sense.

It is not a blow to the middle class, farmers, or producers. The increase in production costs will be discussed, but not what has already occurred. The Greek people are unaware that in the last four years, values, cost of living, and everyday life have become more difficult. This is not only our opinion, but also that of the OECD, who states that real wages have fallen by 7.4%. Mr. Skertsos agrees with this statement. Mr. Mitsotakis, the OECD figures announced today are exactly the same as those announced by the European Commission. The European Commission is lying.

You know? But it's not just the economy. It's also democracy, dignity, and respect for ideas. The President of New Democracy had the audacity to say that he represents the progressive party and that New Democracy is the great, progressive party. Which progressive party? With Voridis and Georgiades, with Plevris, with Karatzaferis, or the day before yesterday when he announced his support for Mr. Mitsotakis and Faelos Kranidiotis. This is not center-left, this is not center, this is not center-right, this is far-right. Mr. Mitsotakis, the far-right is represented by the openings you have made in recent years.

We have to call a spade a spade. We have reached the point of no return. PASOK has suffered, according to SYRIZA. What PASOK says is what SYRIZA says. What does our program, which targets taxation, dividends, issues related to supporting families, issues related to the green transition, and issues related to production, have to do with SYRIZA's program? Or the issues concerning pensioners? Mr. Mitsotakis made a fuss before the elections. He was talking about instability, asking people to vote for him, but Tsipras won the election by 20 points. We know very well that he is one of the governments of the post-revolution that have brought nothing but problems to the Greek people. Now who is the one causing instability? PASOK's program, he says, is the same as Syriza's. I really want to say to every Greek here in Greece that the only party that resembles the practices of Mr. Polakis' SYRIZA is New Democracy. This party speaks specifically, which is why I asked for our programs to be taken to the budget office of the Parliament to be costed so that every Greek can understand what we want to do and what New Democracy has already done. Mr. Mitsotakis is trying to avoid this by throwing the ball into the stands.

What is he trying to avoid? We were told that we got out of the memoranda, that the Greek economy will be stabilized, that inequalities will be reduced, that children will have good jobs. What do the official figures say? 50 billion of new debt accumulated by Mr Mitsotakis on the backs of our own and future generations will make a competitive economy. What do the figures say? 12% - we had a deficit in 2022, 9% - we will have a trade deficit in 2023. They say it's Corona's fault, but Corona was the fault of all of Europe. Let's see the figures - Portugal had a 1% deficit last year plus a surplus this year. Spain and Italy have about the same figures, only Greece is again in the crosshairs of a new adventure. Taxes - 2/3 of the taxes the state collects are indirect taxes, the most unfair taxes.

Labour rights are well known. What is the situation in the labor market? And what about the big problems concerning competitiveness and funding from the European Recovery Fund? What did producers gain? What did small businesses and infrastructure gain? All states received this fund and supported small and medium-sized enterprises. They created financial institutions for states like Portugal that have similar problems supporting businesses that cannot borrow from banks. What did New Democracy do? It gave billions to banks to lend at lower interest rates, but who did that money go to? Was it for those in need who have a liquidity noose around their necks or for those who already had financial ability and now have it cheap? Europe did not provide the money for them.

I am saying all of this because we need to put things into perspective. I do not expect anything more from their media, which has been coddling Mr. Mitsotakis for four years now, and is doing so provocatively before the elections. He works for them when he says he thinks it is unfair that someone making over €100,000 pays a staggered 15% on the dividends, and not on the profits of individual dividends. Obviously, he is not talking about us, the middle class, nor is he talking about the weak Greeks. When he says he wants a tax-free parental allowance to reach 4.8 million, I don't know many in the middle class whose grandparents and parents can pass on 4.8 to 4.8 million to their children. So, if there is agony for the New Democracy, it is for a thousand families in Greece. The anguish of PASOK is for millions of Greeks who want better days of social justice, dignity, hope, and real prospects. This is PASOK's agony, not the agony of chairs, nor the undermining and disregard of common sense by fake news bombardment; these are trumped-up practices.

And you know, we have experienced similar situations before in our country. The people voted for Kostas Karamanlis in 2007 and in 2009 Greece faced a 15% domestic deficit. A year later, Greece went into memorandum. That's what we want - not to criticize the government's power or fiscal performance, or how it handled the Recovery Fund. PASOK is here to provide perspective, to criticize and to call a spade a spade. For example, in order for an individual to receive a dividend of EUR 150,000, they must own one and a half million euros worth of shares in OTE. Looking at these figures, we can assess who is truly talking about the middle class. We will take from the few and powerful what every European country gets, because the figures we are giving are average for European countries. We are not talking about extreme scenarios of a tax storm. We will give where there is a need, such as in wage labor, where there is a huge need to lower the tax on wage labor through lower contributions, to have less black work, more money in our coffers, and better wages for our children. We like to put the money into demographics because the data is inexorable. Greece has the worst negative coefficient between a family that has 2 children and a family that has no children. There is a 3-point difference in the coefficient in favor of a family with 2 children in Greece, 10 in Portugal, 14 in the Czech Republic, 15 in Ireland, and so on in most European countries because all European countries have a serious demographic issue and are taking measures. We will properly tax the oligarchs and support the real problems of society. We will support families with 2 children by making the tax differential reach 8-10 points in the first instance so that there is support for the huge national demographic need for us. It is the number one priority.

On pensions, what do we say? We don't support them all like Mr. Tsipras. We are saying very specific things because we know the country's fiscal situation. We are starting a new EKAS for 350,000 low pensioners who are in a difficult situation. This is a measure that SYRIZA abolished. The second measure is the abolition of the personal difference from the first 24. This measure has a fiscal footprint of 4 years, after which it is essentially zeroed out as a fiscal measure. It makes no difference to the budget. The third measure is correcting the great injustices in widow's pensions and disability pensions. These three measures cost a billion 130 million. We support public sector wages with one billion 200 million to bring them up to the level of inflation. We don't make populist promises that we can automatically increase private sector wages by 25 to 100 in four years. No government can commit to that. You can't commit to what the private sector will do and why. I'm being bullshitted for a grand as an anti-growth incentive to dividends. But they don't say whether the private sector, which is in its current state, can take a quick 25% pay raise.

I say this because the real libertarian is not only Tsipras, who has been proven and judged by the Greek people both as a government and as an opposition, but also Mitsotakis, who has a moment with Mr. Tsipras and the support of powerful interests. That is why we have a choice of dignity, hope, and perspective on June 25. Strong Pasok means a strong opposition. The simplicity of the system of New Democracy means that Mr. Mitsotakis in the Parliament will rediscover his real opponent, the opponent of progress and his opponents. Credibility would have been spoiled with the opposition of SYRIZA. Now things will enter a new path, so I ask the Greek people to give a real alternative after 4 years in opposition. An opposition that the Greek people lost 4 whole years is unthinkable. It will be unthinkable to have Patsies who buy the loans of the people, widespread corruption, not paying for every tragedy of the temps, selling billions of red loans to funds to blackmail citizens, businesses, and cooperatives, and having scandals in matters of institutions and democracy, such as wiretapping. Instead of New Democracy falling, your golden guide, Mr. Mitsotakis, is no longer here. Here is the Pasok democratic party, so I ask for the power of choice on June 25. Pasok is here, united and strong, and has proven itself with its large percentages in our heart, in our castle, and in the prefecture of Lassithi. We aspire to make our island green again, the island that you love, Pasok, and our founder Andreas Papandreou.

Welfare state. What do we want in the welfare state? I visited Papanikolaou Hospital in Thessaloniki. Three and a half thousand operating rooms are on the list of shame, with long waits and desperate people in agony. But that is what the pandemic recovery fund is for - to support our hospitals. The figures are relentless: 8-11% donated by Portugal and other countries with similar problems like Greece, while only 2% is real and 4% is for the Mitsotakis government if we add up the energy upgrade with the hospital building. This is no disrespect to a people who pay the third-highest private expenditure in Europe. Watch now to see how it's all explained by the European Union figures. Greece and Lithuania have the lowest dividend tax rate, but we are similar elsewhere. We have the most private healthcare spending, which means that Lithuanians and Greeks pay billions out of their own pockets for healthcare that other European countries don't pay because they have fair taxation and a strong welfare state. So this is our huge difference from the New Democracy.

So what do we say? An 8-10% Recovery Fund is needed to rebuild the National Health System. This means strong primary health care, care throughout the country with centers. We saw the lack of them and the damage they caused during the pandemic era. All the burden fell on public hospitals because of the lack of primary health care. This means dignified salaries for health workers, their inclusion in the heavy and unhealthy work, and of course, a real health map that takes into account geography, population, and aging to truly build our health system. We cannot ignore one of the biggest problems of our time, which is the collapse of public health and education.

And I want to go into education. We have known for years that the focus of education has moved away from public school, high school, and middle school and into tutorials. What have we done about it? Mitsotakis is fighting with SYRIZA over the base 10. The leftists say get into universities without exams or if they say base 10, but they don't address the problem because thousands of Greek children below base 10 are simply too low when you throw the focus on private education. And the public system is not functioning properly. Thousands of students don't have the same financial possibilities, their families don't have the same support for them in the same way, and that's what we're doing. We're institutionally changing education to really address the program and not with conflicts, without content. The national baccalaureate is the solution for us. What does a national baccalaureate mean? The national baccalaureate has a 2-year exam. And in the second high school and in the third high school so the future of the learner is not judged in 2 weeks with what this means for his psychology, for his family, for the cost of expenses to raise a child, my child, and of course afterwards there are extra exams that are taken into account for the many options. This is a system that in a way exists in Germany and France so that children have much more of a chance without paying high costs in private schools, their parents, and of course special education structures. We are not a normal European country in this respect. Thousands of families who have children on the autism spectrum give too much money that cannot be covered by benefits to support their children. That is why we say strong special education structures to reflect the real school of inclusion and finally, reinforcement of teaching. Reinforcement of teaching means that the child of the weak Greek can have time in school and do the tutoring that others do outside of school, but with an extensive network so that we can reduce the inequalities within our society.

The third question I want to show is: Is private debt a huge issue? Billions are owed by Greek citizens. Mr. Tsipras was saying sorry, don't pay, I'll solve the problems, but he didn't solve anything. Not only did he not solve billions of red loans, he passed his own law in 2015 and he can ward to take pictures of Mrs Katseli. He trimmed the 2010 PASOK law that protected the first home and the gentleman is at least finished. And there is no such protection and that protection is in Lesvos. We will restore the protection of the first home with specific criteria, objective criteria. We will give a solution to the families who have taken loans with Swiss francs. 80,000 families so that the borrower pays 1/3 of the loan of the interest rate increase, the borrower and 2/3 to charge the banking institution. And of course, we will reduce the profit margin of the banks for consistent borrowers so that there are incentives for everyone. We want every citizen to feel that the state is guarding the effort, that there is a dignity option for everyone, that the green does not burn with the dry. This is a society that protects the effort made by the citizen, citizens and finally the 120 installments. The New Democracy has introduced the 120 installments, but not for you and the few. Therefore, we propose universal 120 installments for both tax and social security funds. If at the end there is full payment, and if the regulated person is punctual, there is a reduction of 30%. I hear the New Republic saying they will lose revenue. With these adjustments, we will just get more revenue over a longer term because if you make adjustments, you enable a lot of people to do planning and pay what they owe the state. If you don't make adjustments, people will simply not pay, and they will be looking at their debts. We're going to see a vicious cycle of undermining the economic stability of the country.

The fourth issue is the demographic issue on the family side. We have a duty to ensure that no Greek mother is afraid of being left out of the nursery and creative activity center. Her child is second. We must increase the maternity allowance for women freelancers and, of course, reduce taxes for families with two children.

Fifth point? I cannot discuss agriculture here. From Lassithi, the major issue is the rising production costs. You know very well that PASOK has supported the agricultural sector more than any other party in the past since the 1980s. In recent years, the figures are alarming. The rural population has decreased by 260 thousand people in the last decade. The cultivated areas have decreased by six and a half million acres, and agricultural income has decreased by 1.3 billion. 70% of our farmers are in debt to public funds, EFKA, and banks. Tens of thousands of farmers and 727 cooperatives have transferred red loans from the era of the rural bank. Many of them have been taken by the funds, and they are being directly blackmailed. The threat of foreclosure is stronger than ever. What does this threat mean? This threat means the deflation of the Greek economy. As a patriotic progressive movement, we propose that all parties vote for a framework of negotiations and rules in the forefront for the funds between them and the borrowers whose priority is to regulate and not to eliminate. Funds are not interested in regulation; they have a job to do. They go from one country to another, take advantage of financial weaknesses, fiscal problems, rehearsals of the banking system to buy cheap, sell a little more, speculate, and go to another victim. We have to set rules. No Greek should feel alone in the face of the blackmail of the funds brought to Greece by Mr. Tsipras and Mr. Mitsotakis.

Production costs have increased by 22.4% in just one year. What measures can we take to reduce production costs for agricultural inputs? We propose implementing zero excise duty on agricultural oil during the crisis period and supporting prioritized energy communities. This will provide stable energy costs for farmers, livestock farmers, and processors for the next 15 years through renewable energy sources. Additionally, we suggest introducing unconditional and tax-free subsidies, compensation, and aid to farmers. We recommend updating the ELGA insurance regulation to extend coverage of disasters to livestock and crops caused by climate change. The Ministry seems to ignore the significant impact of climate change on farmers. As we expect to experience one of the hottest summers in many years, ELGA must adapt to these new conditions. We believe that the entire process of the Common Agricultural Policy programs should be completed within one year to avoid bureaucracy and problems for our farmers.

I said today at Toplou that PASOK's priority is a different development model, the development model. It mainly concerns the sectors of the economy where the country is already strong, such as tourism, the primary sector, and manufacturing. These sectors need to be put into synergy. We cannot say that 25 million tourists are coming to Greece, but very few of them taste the Greek domestic processed products. If they do not taste them in Greece, they will seek them in foreign markets. This is the challenge of tourism, and it is what the Italians have been doing for decades. That was Spain, and that's what the Portuguese are doing. They are interconnecting these three sectors so that the profit is not only in the hotel or catering sector but in the entire Greek economy. This is a growth model that creates good jobs with extroversion, resulting in strong exports for an economy that keeps its children here and does not send them abroad by the thousands.

Friends, in closing, this is the party of regional development. This is the party that created local government and gave it the tools to be close to the citizen. Of course, we have to do even more. We disagree with the so-called executive state and Mitsotakis not only because he was eavesdropping and involved in huge corruption scandals, but also because we believe there should be a diffusion of powers as a model for the country's administration. An executive state must strengthen democracy and regional development. This means that the pillar of democracy called local government must be a protagonist and not serve central power. It is a bet for PASOK. We will rebuild a local government that will have all the possibilities, all the services, and all the obstacles that other European states have. So if this local government exists, Seteia does not have to beg to get here just to do the main roads, long-diamond or dice-marking, flood protection works, and of course, the modernisation of the airport. A strong local government that has resources has possibilities that the state is talking to it about how to use the Recovery Fund, and not from the top decides and the local government just implements and if it implements. What we are saying is dialogue, dialogue, and joint strategy of local communities through local government with the central state. This is happening all over Europe, and this is how we are addressing local problems. But we are also addressing two other issues that were there. They exist, and Mr Mitsotakis is also a protagonist: opacity and undeclared work. We are here in this new era to fight these phenomena that have disappointed the Greek people to an absolute degree.

Friends, only 3 weeks remain until the largely decisive political scene of the coming years. If we fight every day and make our realistic, progressive, and fair ideas a reality in every café, village, and town, PASOK will be a strong winner in the June 25 elections. 220,000 more people trusted us on the last Sunday of the elections, and I hope even more will join us to bring back democracy, respect, human rights, and fair development that prioritize the people and their aspirations. We must be strong to protect the Greek people and put a stop to the arrogance and authoritarianism of the New Democracy government. Friends, I ask you to take the effort into our own hands during these 3 weeks. If everyone fights on June 25, a new path will open up. We will have a new parliamentary group, renewal, unity, and political autonomy. We may say things that annoy the few and the services that Mitsotakis offers them, but they unite us because we are the party of social justice and national dignity. PASOK was founded to serve the people and the homeland, and we are sending a strong message of political change on June 25 from one end of the country to the other. The castle of PASOK and the prefecture of Lasithi and our Crete will again send a message of victory on June 25 to all the Greek people. Thank you for your presence, even though the weather has made us a little uncomfortable. Be well and have a good race.