Friends, compañeras and compañeros, From today's gathering here in Piraeus, we want to say with all our strength: yes, we can! Our people can surprise! To do what all those whose policies have undermined our lives, crushed the rights of workers, undermined the life of the new generation, are not expecting. To lose their words, to not know where it came from! We can do it! Let a very strong KKE emerge from the ballot boxes on Sunday, a support for the people! And especially here from Piraeus, the city where our party was born 105 years ago, the city of the great workers' and people's struggles! We say with certainty that it can do it now, with a powerful KKE throughout the city, in all neighborhoods, with a rise in votes and percentages in every district, in every municipality. To redden again the neighborhoods of Piraeus, Perama, Nikaia, Keratsini, Drapetsona, Korydallos. To fill the ballot boxes with thousands of red votes, everywhere! Let the people of the city breathe!

We can now, on the last day of the election period, and after a very long political excursion throughout the country, say that we can see this everywhere. All of Greece saw it in the images of our magnificent, huge rally the day before yesterday in Syntagma. We see it here today, in this great mass of people, in the rally in Piraeus. There are too many people who today are thinking of voting for the KKE, in fact they have decided to do so! We say to them: Don't hesitate, don't put it off until later, don't give in to any last-minute blackmail, no more wasted time! On Sunday at the ballot box, everyone will be alone at the screen, confronted with their conscience. The choice he will make will be, with anger, with heart and mind, to vote for the KKE. If he does this, he will come out of the screen with his head held high, in no doubt that he will soon have to "cut off his hand", confident that his choice will not be contradicted. He will know that the vote he gave will remain as he gave it, since the JCP will not, post-election, do anything other than what it said during the election. Really, is there anyone or anyone who will vote for another party who can say that with certainty?

He who will vote for the KKE will know that this is not an isolated act, but that he and thousands, hundreds of thousands of other people will feel proud, will be able to break all kinds of blackmail, putting his own little stone to make the KKE as high as possible. Because all of us can be stronger, with an even stronger KKE and leave alone those who think that they have the people in their hands, that they can blackmail them without any limits. To make their fear a reality. And the more they fear, the more hope for us, the many, will grow. Because a strong JCP means a strong people. And the people have experience. They know us, they know us, that's why they trust the communists in the trade unions, where the daily battle for survival, for wage increases, for safety measures in the workplaces is fought, and they see the power of the unions growing, coming alive with the participation of more people, like the thousands in the Metal Union in the Shipbuilding and Repair Zone in its recent elections.

This strength was also shown the day before yesterday, when no hammers fell at Zoni, at the Elefsina shipyards, at Molos Drapetsona, at the Spanopoulos shipyards, because it was a strike day. This is the power of the working class, when it realises its position, its interests, who are its friends and who are its enemies, and sees that through collective struggle it can also extract conquests that prove to be valuable breaths of fresh air in the harsh reality we are experiencing. And it sees, who are stepping forward in this struggle, every day, every hour, without calling for any waiting, even a breath before the elections.

That is why the forces supported by PAME have been in the majority in the last years in the Piraeus Labour Centre, which sets the tone for the overall popular demands in the city, such as against the miserable situation in both the primary health care and the three hospitals of Piraeus.

Against investment projects that mean further degradation of the rights of the people of the region for a better quality of life, for access to the sea, for open spaces for recreation, for the protection of the environment and the natural landscape in the already burdened popular districts, where there are oil tanks but no open spaces.

Hundreds, thousands of parents, through their associations and parents' unions, trust the communists to take the lead in the struggle to claim a school up to the level of modern needs, for the present, for the future of our children.

Such are the KKE's parliamentary candidates in Piraeus too! And more communist MPs means more support for this perspective. On the contrary, the candidates of ND, PASOK and SYRIZA are trusted by the association of big language school owners, which even issued a cross-party proposal, including 1 ND candidate and 2, please, SYRIZA candidates from Piraeus.

More communist deputies, therefore, who will be on the front line, together with the people, to fight this barbaric anti-people's policy that the next government, whoever it is, whatever its composition, will serve. Where will be with the people these deputies, the communists, who are losing their homes to the crows of the funds, in the catapults of the ships also together with the seamen.

They will stand with the workers against the impunity of big business, with young parents, for a better life for them and their children. That's the kind of MPs our people need today. Fighters. Ready, together with the members, cadres, friends of the KKE, to turn everything upside down for the life we really deserve and not dealers of business interests, like those who are mobbing the ballots of other parties. So, therefore, no hesitation! Only a vote for the KKE is a vote that the people will find the next day with them, not against them!

Compañeras and compañeros, friends, on May 22, we know well what awaits our people. We are not waiting for the result of the elections to know that hard battles of defence and assertion of working people's rights await us, and whoever has not seen it yet, has until the last minute excuses to see the complicity of the other parties. This is shown, for example, by the confrontation between ND and SYRIZA, after the provocative statements of Katrougalos, because the Katrougalos law has many more aspects - apart from the contributions of professionals - which ND not only maintained but extended further, for the division of the pension into main and contributory pension with the state guaranteeing only the former, for the age limits and conditions of retirement, for pension reductions, for replacement rates. It was the personal difference of the Katrougalos law that resulted in thousands of pensioners today not being able to get the increases after so many years of needing them and more because of the high level of accuracy or the cutting of the EKAS and much more...

Even on the issue of professional contributions, ND and SYRIZA are practicing an unacceptable blackmail: either high contributions in order to get a relatively decent pension in old age, or lower contributions in order to finally get starvation pensions. However, the immediate demand of all employed professionals, of all pensioners, is that all anti-insurance laws be repealed here and now and that generous increases be given here and now, for decent pensions. This demand is supported by the KKE in all tones.

But we will face these on Monday, because whichever government emerges will zealously serve the goal of so-called "fiscal stability", the bloody surpluses. It will zealously serve the dictates of the monopoly groups, the EU. It will implement the 350 unpopular preconditions of the Recovery Fund, which you saw how many volumes there are, Anestis Tsoukarakis showed us before.

It will continue the auctions of primary residences to save the banks and to benefit the crows of the funds.

It will involve us even more actively in the NATO games, in the imperialist war that is going on.

That is why the Southwest is blackmailing, when it says that what will be decided the next election is whether it will get a new clear mandate to continue its unpopular work "with stability". It even advertises its work as a government, the big investments, the policy it followed in the pandemic, the complete handover of health care to greedy businessmen, the master plan for Cosco, which continues the handover of the country's largest port, sold by the SYRIZA government, with Varoufakis then actively pushing in this direction, as he himself has stated!

That's why SYRIZA is blackmailing the people, wanting to steal votes from people who are struggling, who want to change this situation. What is the progressive governance that we are being told, when in the basics it is no different from what we are experiencing today? Unless, of course, he considers progressive all those who he has gathered on his ballot papers, who he is also slugging it out with here in Piraeus: the shipowners, the big businessmen of the zone. No, we won't give them the word 'progress' so that they can tarnish it further. For us, progress lies in the people, in their struggle, in their fight for social change.

But we also see PASOK, ready and willing to complement any government. After all, it has not lost responsibility for its participation in so many memorandum governments that have plundered our lives.

But it would be good for Mera25, when it says the word "rupture", to open a dictionary to see what it means, because rupture and oaths of loyalty to the Commission, to the EU, do not go together. Because a break with the system cannot, will not and will never be made by someone who refuses to call this system by its name and even runs to protect it now that many people, especially young people, seem to be starting to question it, with Mr Varoufakis telling them that in Greece we do not exactly have capitalism, but something else, which only he knows! Beware of the election mischief-makers, then! Because they, too, are on the same track as the others. So let's leave them alone to do their own thing. We're all against them, with a strong JCD. Alone, they all have only one concern, to fill the coffers of the monopolies and business groups with profits.

But we all know what this means for our lives. And first of all, the young people, the thousands of students who, like all over Greece and here in Piraeus, took to the streets a few months ago, immediately after the heinous crime in Tempe, and shouted that it was not the bad time or the bad country that was to blame, but their profits and those who governed and govern this country.

And these big profits have unfortunately cost too many human lives. And the people of Piraeus know it well, from the injured and crippled COSCO workers, the health bomb of the cauldrons in Drapetsona and Perama, the injured workers of the zone. All on the altar of profit. This is the development that the New Democracy and Syriza and PASOK want.

Friends, compañeras and compañeros, in that world, which is indignant at the unceasing attack on it by all the governments, one after the other, and says to us in good faith: "but can't something be done now to change our lives radically, immediately, even a little for the better"? We answer him as follows and invite him to reflect here and now: No government has brought about immediate changes in the interests of the people. No government has not brought immediate changes for the people; on the contrary, all the governments so far have brought immediate changes, but they have made our lives worse and more difficult. The people, however, only saw immediate positive solutions when they themselves fought against these governments that oppressed them. The COSCO workers, for example, with their struggle, with their steadfast and courageous attitude, managed to join the Heavy and Unhealthy category, to open the debate on a Collective Labour Agreement, to improve their working conditions. Seeing their strength, they managed to get immediate results and defeat the hitherto invincible giant. So yes. The people can also see immediate solutions, only by strengthening the KKE and its struggle.

Because a strong KKE and at the same time weak other parties that will form the next anti-people's government will mean, from the very next day, strong struggles with achievements that will improve the life of the workers. The KKE has this possibility, because the very proposal of power and working people's government has as its criterion only the modern social needs and not the profits of the few, the exploiters of the people. Because never, in all its heroic course, has it not only not committed itself to those whom the other parties worship, but it has clashed with them with all its strength. This proposal of the KKE is also the hope for the great social majority.

Because today, in the age of gigantic technological achievements, of artificial intelligence, in our country, with so much wealth, so many natural goods, with its technically and scientifically trained scientific workforce, our people can enjoy the wealth that they themselves produce, work less and enjoy more!

Because it is absurd today, in a country with so much sun, so much mineral wealth, water, air, that our people cannot enjoy cheap electricity by using all the energy sources in a planned way.

In our country, with so many teachers, many of whom are unemployed today, either at the mercy of private education entrepreneurs or the state itself, there are schools without teachers, without teachers, without kindergarten teachers.

Because it is absurd that today, young couples cannot have their own home, with rents now being prohibitive here in Piraeus as well.

Because it is absurd that the country's largest port becomes a hotel for NATO frigates, for cruise ships and at the same time our people pay a small trip to Aegina.

Because it is absurd today, at a time of enormous scientific progress, to mourn 57 or more deaths because telecommunications and transport security measures are considered a cost.

This absurdity that we are experiencing has a name: It is called capitalism, the system we live under that makes the rich richer and the poor poorer, that puts its profits above our lives! We are against this old, rotten, now historically outdated system and we will overthrow it together with the people to bring a bright tomorrow. All this needs the people as protagonists in the developments, not just voters of governments, ready to become masters of the wealth they produce. In this governance, therefore, the KKE will be in front with all its forces.

Yes, well! The KKE has both a programme of power and a programme of governance and is ready to contribute so that this truly popular governance can finally come to the fore. And we pledge to make the night a day, with a much stronger JCP always at the side of the people, until its final victory. We will not stop for a moment to get in front of the workers' and people's movement, where stability for the people, for their lives, for their first home, against auctions and evictions, everywhere, as we did during the election period.

Holding fast to the thread of the fighting traditions and heritage of our people. Honouring the 100 years of the heroic Kokkinia. Honouring the anti-fascist victory of the peoples on May 9th where the blood of Pavlos Fyssa was spilled in Keratsini. And not by fishing for gold-digging Nazi votes, as Mr Tsipras did the day before yesterday. It is a shame and a disgrace for every left-wing, democratic, progressive person to utter what he uttered and continues to utter today. As if so many years of criminal activity had not passed... How many drifters, Mr. Tsipras, can there still be of the 160,000 votes Golden Dawn got in 2019, and not 600,000 as you keep saying on the various channels? But Tsipras and his cohorts are stuck you see and they are counting 2012, that's why they are mutating more and more to the right, more and more reactionary!

But the workers, all the democrats of Piraeus, must make all this a voting criterion this Sunday. Those who were still thinking of voting for the SYRIZA party, under the justifiable indignation that this ND government has caused, we say to them to abandon them all while it is still time: both ND and SYRIZA. Because, as Tsipras presents it, probably those who murdered Pavlos Fyssas, who murdered the migrant workers, who attacked PAME trade unionists, were also some "misguided" people who believed that this is how they were fighting the system, as he said. Why, what difference does it make to describe as misguided those who know all the above and -10 years later- insist on supporting this criminal organisation? Why doesn't Tsipras really take a trip to the B. Piraeus to be told about the multifaceted support of the criminal Golden Dawn by various suspected business interests and circuits? Doesn't he know what all Piraeus residents know, that the Chrysaigites had contracted the attack of the Zoni employers on the militant trade unionists, the communists, PAME?

Of course, they know very well that - also here in Piraeus - the supposedly anti-stylist Kasidiaris is now sending registered votes to mainstream parties. But that is how social democracy was, like SYRIZA. Unfortunately, it has always given the fascists the opportunity to play their games, because it baptized the continuation of anti-people's policies as "progressive", and frustrated working people's forces.Here in Piraeus, it has been shown more clearly than anywhere else who are those who support the Nazis and who their real opponents are, and how they are treated.

One is the real, genuine anti-fascist vote the day after tomorrow: And that is the vote for the KKE that fights them and not, of course, for those who coddle them for a few votes! And know, comrades, nothing is stagnant! A good example: For the second consecutive year, the once immaculate castle of the GOP, the University of Piraeus, was filled with red ballots with the carnation of struggle and hope, making "Panspoudasisti" the leading force in the student elections again, and even with increased percentages, votes, sending the party of the Southwest to the agyrist, as happened all over Greece!

With this message of optimism, we are making the most of every hour, every minute left. So that May 22nd finds the people stronger, with a stronger KKE here too. With communist deputies in both the first and second districts of Piraeus. Yes, a vote for the KKE directly strengthens the voice of the people and in parliament, it will become a force in the struggles we will wage. You have seen what we have achieved, what we have brought out, what we have promoted, with only one MP, Diamanto Manolakou, all these years. Imagine, if we had more deputies throughout Piraeus, throughout Greece.

Because a vote for the KKE is a vote that is incompatible with submission, with the unpopular one-way system that this system cultivates. It is a vote of punishment to those who have brought us to this point and are preparing a similar continuation. It is a vote to expose the truth about everything that is happening against our people. It is a vote of honesty and confidence in the power that the people and the youth hold in their hands. Most of all, a vote for the KKE is a vote of hope and optimism to strengthen the struggle for an overall better life. It is the only vote that will cut the wind out of their sails, but will give a broader uplift to our people. It is the ballot with the hammer and sickle of hope, pride and honesty.

So now JCE! Thousands of new votes to give a big blow to this system. Not a single vote must be lost for the KKE. Let's turn election Sunday into a red rushing river from coast to coast across the country! We can, we will, and we will do it alone and all of us! Because only the people save the people on the road to overthrow and on Monday we need a KKE even much stronger to pave the way at last for the great, the beautiful, the shocking! Hello! Good strength! Good health to all! We expect nothing from all of them. We are taking lives into our own hands. We're going to the polls on Sunday at all the polling stations and we're throwing a bite of JPC. KKE strong, hope is here!