Friends, companions, and comrades, this big red, red-hot gathering of people and youth here in Athens confirms that the positive step taken in May can now be a leap forward. And this is the most optimistic, the most hopeful message! Because the ballot on Sunday may bring out the next anti-people's government, but the crucial thing for the people is that it will also bring out a 100% militant, popular opposition. And this is only the KKE, even stronger, more powerful. You see, tonight here in Syntagma Square, there is not only the central election rally of the KKE. Tonight here is the first big demonstration of the people of Athens against the new government of the New Democracy. Here is the voice of the 15% of Kaisariani, the 13.5% of Nea Ionia, the 13% of Petroupolis, the 12% of Kokkinia, the 11% of Perama, the 16% of Aspropyrgos. It is the voice of all those who have once again made the KKE the third power in Attica. And they will do it again by raising its rates everywhere.

Yes, they can broadcast it and write it down. Tonight is the first demonstration against the Southwest government, which thinks it can implement its unpopular program "on horseback". It has already started distributing ministries and pulling bills out of drawers. We warn them to be careful because others also came on horseback but abruptly got off. It may be that for four years, the "mufti" opposition of SYRIZA and PASOK, who eventually became your best sponsors, paved the way for you, but there were many times when you struggled - and most importantly - failed to legitimize the policy of injustice and exploitation in the working people's consciences.

And these hardships were inflicted on you by the workers, the working class, the professional farmers and professionals, the youth, all those who took part in the great struggles of the past years. With the KKE in front, to put the slogan into practice everywhere: "Only the people save the people on the road to revolution!" It will do the same now. And let SYRIZA and PASOK continue to pave the way for ND, even now during the election campaign, talking about the alleged omnipotence of its government. No bourgeois government can feel omnipotent when the workers' - people's movement is strong. And in this country, there is a strong JCP, a guarantee that the people and their movement will be strong. We, of course, sometimes forget what it means to have a communist party in a country with strong ties within the people. We were reminded of this by the pioneering French trade unionist workers who welcomed us to the magnificent strikes in Paris, and we welcomed them here on May Day. They left talking about the importance of the existence and action of a strong communist party oriented to the workers' movement, to the perspective of the struggle. We were reminded of this by the president of the Amazon union who, from here in Greece, sent a message to the American workers about the need to found a workers' party in their own country. Well, yes! Hope lies in the struggle of the peoples, a struggle that grows stronger inspired, harvested by the strengthening of communists. Let us send this message to the whole world by strengthening the KKE at the ballot box on Sunday.

Friends, companions, and comrades. The workers, the people of Attica, and the people of the entire country who voted for ND under blackmailing dilemmas, adopting the logic cultivated by SYRIZA that there is no alternative, or are now thinking of voting for it because they think it is playing without an opponent. We say to them to think about the following: They have no reason to strengthen ND even more, just as everyone has every reason to shorten it, to cut it down a bit.

Because they will find this vote against them tomorrow when the big employers ask them to put more backbone to save the company's profits, and when they refuse to sign a collective agreement. They will find it against them when the banks and funds squeeze the people's families, and when New Democracy implements one unpopular precondition after another of the Recovery Fund, loading new burdens on the people to save the groups and banks in the new crisis. This is the vote that the workers will find against them when the government of the Southwest puts into practice the Commission's suggestions for new cuts in social spending, new taxes on the people to ease the burden on capital, and frozen wages and pensions until further notice. They will find it against them when the Southwest, with Mitsotakis' personal supervision, builds the New NHS SA and promotes the Universities SA by abolishing Article 16 with the consent of SYRIZA and PASOK. The workers will find this vote for ND against them when it involves us even more in the massacre in Ukraine alongside NATO and the USA, who are already preparing the new dangerous developments in Greek-Turkish relations.

But why can Mitsotakis wag his finger at the people, when the map is painted blue? He must start to show red at least in the background. And if May was a little dimmer, now in June it may be more vivid. And this even greater percentage of the KKE is proof that a current of questioning the dominant politics, its class character, which is served by the parties of capital and their governments as a whole, is being strengthened. Proof that the search for a solution to today's problems through organized struggle, participation in the movement, and collective action is gaining strength.

So, just as the workers have no reason to further strengthen ND, they have no reason to scatter their votes to the parties of the consensual, systemic opposition, such as SYRIZA and PASOK. They will continue to vote for one of Mitsotakis' bills after another, and stand back in all critical moments, as social democracy has always done. Neither do the parties created by the media establishment, such as Mrs. Konstantopoulou's with her sinful past, have anything to offer our people and their struggles. Nor, of course, do the various far-right formations that are being pushed to enter Parliament.

Fortunately, in Greece, there is a real choice for the people - a choice of 100% popular, militant opposition - because there is the KKE! You know this well. That is why you are trying to silence our voice with blockades, fines, and even legal proceedings against our cadres who stand in front of the struggles of the people and the youth. You are tiring in vain. These things do not work here. You do not get off so easily with us, neither you who dream of omnipotence nor you who dream of a reconstitution of the two-party system. The rotten system you serve doesn't get off that easy with us either.

In fact, SYRIZA executives have the nerve to say that if the KKE gets 1% more, it doesn't matter, unlike their party getting 1-2% more. Since they gave 41% to ND, they have dedicated this whole election period to figuring out how to cut something from KKE. They want to hide, but the dirty tricks they copied from PASOK won't let them. They are clearly judging by looking at themselves in the mirror. They weigh votes by their own criteria that are subservient to the system. They are not only trying to hit the KKE, but also trying to trip up those who feel left-wing and progressive. They are doing everything they can to prevent ordinary people from making a radical and progressive choice, which is only the KKE. The truth is, it will make no positive difference to the people if PASOK has one point more, and it will make no positive difference to the people if SYRIZA has one point more. It is exactly the opposite. Increasing the number of MPs who will continue on the path that made the New Democracy party stronger, namely the path of consensual opposition, convergence on strategic issues, and voting for dozens of unpopular bills, will be a negative development.

For the KKE, however, even one person taking a step counts and makes a difference, not just 1%. Because it is a consciousness that moves forward, it is a person who can stand with those who, through organized, collective struggle, multiply the pockets of resistance and assertion. He is a man who can turn the step of strengthening the KKE into a leap of conscious questioning of the policy that suffocates the people. "He is a man," as Nazim Hikmet wrote, "who is bodied to walk, chained to him," but he "sticks his tongue out at them." Because he chooses to cross over to the opposite camp, he chooses to reinforce the opposing awe. To stand on the side of the working interests and the militant popular opposition. He chooses the KKE. Friends, compa単eras, and compa単eros, we will go to the polls on Sunday, in every way, with every sacrifice, and we will go with heart, with mind, but also with anger. Our heart beats for all the working people in this country. Those who every day "bleed their minds, bleed their nails, to get the bread of the epicyclic", to use the lyrics of a song by our great music composer Yannis Markopoulos whom we recently bid farewell. Because we are their Party, even if they don't know it, and because everyone is one of us. We don't see working people as pipsqueaks. We do not put any label on them, we do not distinguish them except on the basis of whether they belong to the exploiters or to those who are exploited in today's society. Our own minds, our own thoughts are dedicated to their liberation, the liberation of all of us from the shackles of exploitation. To the overthrow of barbarism and the building of another, just society, the society of socialism. This is, after all, the reason why the KKE exists. And this is also the reason why the KKE is the only party that can make a real, militant, popular opposition, not only to the unpopular government of the South-West, but to the system itself and its power, so that the road to overthrow can finally be opened, so that the people themselves, the workers, can come to power, take the wealth they produce into their hands, so that we can live according to the possibilities of the times. That is why we, as our poet Yannis Ritsos says, "do not sing to separate ourselves from the world, we sing to unite the world". Yes, we don't look at what color the map is painted in each region to step forward, to dedicate our time and all our efforts, to give everything for its people. No communist asked the people in Thessaloniki, for example, what they voted for before diving into the muddy waters to help them clean their homes last Saturday.

No MP in Piraeus asked what the workers in Perama voted for when they were in the zone where another worker was dying from the very first moment. Why? Because a collective agreement from 2017, with half of the pages dealing with safety measures, was not made mandatory by either the Syriza government or the ND government. But the workers themselves achieved this with their union, a 48-hour strike, and the communists and KKE deputies in Piraeus in the front line.

No candidate, no KKE member, no member of any party asked families who they voted for in order to prevent dozens of auctions and evictions that still occur today. These auctions began after the Supreme Court decision implementing the Syriza law that transferred people's loans to creditors. Ultimately, the best protection against these auctions, which even Syriza's electronic auctions cannot overcome, is the struggle and solidarity of the people.

No, of course not in Kozani, where photovoltaic panels reach the backyards of houses and the forces of repression enforce the rights of investors, was the MP of the KKE, a young girl, silenced. On the contrary, she stepped forward in the mobilizations, together with the residents, and succeeded in stopping the work. The question, of course, is not what the KKE is doing, because the KKE is doing everything in its power. The question is what the green development people, Syriza, and PASOK are doing. What are they doing? They are just playing the suckers when they don't vote for green taxes so that some green energy groups can profit again.

But on Sunday, we will all go to the ballot box with great anger. For the hundreds of souls lost off the coast of Pylos. For this new crime of the European Union and its policies, of the governments, of the parties that shaped and implemented them. For this new crime, in the final analysis, of the bloody system of exploitation. They all sowed bombs and poverty in a number of countries, set up bases on Greek soil for war planes to take off from here, and then raised fortresses to prevent their victims from getting through. Because we know that these crimes, like the uprooting of people themselves, have causes and culprits. It is not a natural phenomenon, as all the crocodiles who have been crying again make it out to be. Because we cannot listen to Mr Mitsotakis saying that the policy of repression is humanitarian, because he says that the fewer boats there are in the Aegean, the less likely they are to sink. And he said this boldly a few days after the tragedy. Because we are with the uprooted because they are our class brothers and sisters, not because the hotel owners and the strawberry farmers of Manolada are short of cheap labor, as Mitsotakis, Tsipras, and Varoufakis say. And like the migrants themselves, like the young people who have emigrated from Greece, we prefer that people can live with dignity and security in their own country, with their families and their own people. This people has shown its solidarity many times, which has been reflected in touching moments and figures of our people. Such as the three grandmothers in Lesvos who fed milk to the refugee children or the baker in Kos who distributed free bread every day to the persecuted. The people of Kalamata did the same now, running to the port to help the rescued people as they could.

This solidarity is being abused by Mr. Tsipras. He claims that from 2015-2019, our country was a model in the refugee issue and a symbol of humanity. But can any left-wing, progressive person really bear to listen to such things? Especially when we have experienced the horrors of Moria, a modern concentration camp where thousands of people and children were crammed in and struggled with death every day? And when we have experienced so many shipwrecks, especially during that period? Who can forget the image of little Ailan on the sands of Halicarnassus? Yes, Mr. Tsipras, our people have become synonymous with humanity, but your government and the EU that you worship have become synonymous with inhumanity. The government of Mr. Mitsotakis today also owes answers to questions about the shipwreck.

That is why the youth will go to the polls on Sunday with heart, mind, and anger. No matter what various people do to push them to abstain, no matter how many obstacles they put in their way, no matter how much they try to steal their vote by recruiting communicators and uploading videos to apps. All they reveal is how far removed they are from their real needs, and they cannot hide the great responsibility they have for the obstacles they put in their lives. No matter what they do, they will never understand what it is like when youthful smiles and youthful optimism adorn the struggles our people are fighting. When the young generation is at the forefront of claiming everything that concerns them. What it is like to meet them on the street, struggling and asserting themselves. What it is like to hear them shouting their just slogans, to see them chained to the workers, becoming one with the labour movement and fighting for their lives. You don't find that on TikTok, you only find it next to the KKE and the KNE. In the real battles, at every turn, where governments and capital are reaching out to the rights of the new generation, that's where we cut their appetite. There we will cut off their hand when they violently reach out to the young generation and their rights. And there are many moments when the youth, alongside the KKE, becomes what we dream of for them: a protagonist in the struggle, with its own unique imprint on developments! The next unpopular government of the New Democracy knows that it will have a youthful current of questioning against it, which will flare up with radical characteristics. It will fight, without being bitten by the dilemmas and blackmails of the bourgeois political system. But we will bring the world to our standards before it brings us to its standards. Because it is in the struggle for better schools for our children, for studies and degrees with value, for work with rights, in the daily struggle, that consciences are built. The proud, disobedient way of life befitting the new generation is developed. The images and moments that are forever engraved in our minds and hearts from the action of the youth in the years that have passed are painted with the red colour of hope. From the great struggle of pupils and students during the pandemic for safe schools and universities, from the cosmic flood in the streets and the overwhelming participation of the youth after the Tempi crime, who did not let the crime be forgotten, who became the voice of all the dead. The optimism and upliftment that was also given to us by the historic first place of the All-Union Students' Union in the student elections after decades, which shattered the Southwest party to second place. The successful blockade that the student youth put up against the university police despite repression and threats. In fact, the cacao that the government got is still blowing and not getting cold. And you today, holding the red flags in your hands, know that you can be proud of what you have achieved. For your action, for the struggles you have fought, for the victories you have brought to the entire movement, for the consciences you have won, for the foundations you have laid and are laying, so that the new generation can be the protagonists of today and tomorrow. Because in the KKE and the KNE we are putting into practice the questioning, we dare to fight for everything that the new generation deserves. That is why the youth in front of the ballot boxes on 25 June has only one choice: JKE. To fill the ballot boxes with red youth votes, bullets in the heart of the system, to make radical questioning and militant demand even stronger. And to give the promise that on the same road, and even more dynamically, it will continue. Friends, compa単eras and compa単eros, let us, then, in the four days left, make the greatest possible effort. So that not a single vote that could fall to the JKE is lost. So that the great effort that we have been making for so many months will be effective. Everything is now crucial. Those of you who supported the JKE on 21 May must now do so again. Only the vote next Sunday is the one that will finally count and will follow us for four years. And those of you who thought about it and ultimately didn't, but we know full well that the rise of the KKE was the only element of the election result that made you smile, now you have another chance. To smile more, all of us together on Sunday. Because only with a strong KKE, the genuine 100% militant-people's opposition to the self-reliance of capital's policy, to the government of the ND, to the "opposition ministry" of SYRIZA - PASOK and all the parties of the system, becomes stronger. This is the only way to create cracks in the negative correlation. Because the vote for the KKE is not bargained for government chairs in anti-people's governments. It is not mutated, not bought. It is not "quietly" withdrawn, as we have seen happen with so many parties in the past that no one remembers today. Because the KKE has no commitments to the EU and NATO, to the bloody profits of capital. Because a vote for the KKE means a vote for our lives and not for their profits. It translates into conflict, into disobedience to everything that makes us indignant. It means above all hope and optimism that we will succeed. That the people will win. Because the KKE has a programme of power-governance with the people at the helm of power, the real owner of the wealth it produces. Because in today's barbarism there is a way out for the people: And the way out lies in the conflict and the overthrow of the rotten, corrupt system. To build a society with prosperity, social rights, superior civilization. In the lap of our dreams. To the people!