Do you know why they put us in the European Economic Community? Because we had no debt. We had no debt. And it says to you, great they have their own houses, they have their own homes, they have their own farm, they have their own apartment building, they have their own apartment. They don't owe anybody. They have some factories here in Patras, in Elefsina, in Thriasio, in Volos, in Kozani, of course, in Thessaloniki. We will close them down, turn them into warehouses where instead of producing Pitsos Izola refrigerators they will bring them from Germany and put Pitsos or Izola on them. The cheapest fridges and that will give us the borrowed money to buy the German ones, which will replace the domestic ones that are now closing down. Right? That was the model. Of the European Economic Community and it is a model which is becoming turbo now is gone on steroids too hard steroids with the creation of the Euro, because with the Euro we got the mark the Euro is the mark don't kid yourself, Schaeuble told me at one point it got away from him. When I pressed him and I said to him don't tell me, if he agreed that the memorandum is disastrous for us, why do you insist? And he turns around and says, "Don't you understand? France can't have the mark - he meant the euro - and run its budget. What if we let you go free? Grow. What message would I have given Paris that they can do their own thing? I will determine your national budget if you have the mark, he said. The second time he said it Euro he realised his mistake. But that is the story. So when we come in and there is a tsunami of money coming from Deutsche Bank from Finance Bank because these banks, the German banks had a huge drama in which these bankers were living in. Do you know what it is to be a German banker and to have money in your bank vaults because they were filled with money? Because when you export Mercedes to America, to China, to Japan, to France. What do you do? You put money into Germany and what goes in accumulates as surplus money in the banks in Frankfurt, the private banks. What is the drama of the banker having a lot of money and not being able to lend it out. The banker cannot sleep at night when he has too much money and cannot lend it out. He goes mad because the money is not his. It's his profits he makes by lending at a high rate of interest, but the Germans had saved why should they borrow all this pool of money that was coming in and piling up.