Because we who work at Diem 25 Europe-wide since 2016 I want to share an experience with you. Our best comrades are the Germans. The German leftists, the members of Diem 25, who the day before yesterday fought the big fight in the state of Bremen came out, got a lot of votes. A group of 50 guys got 0.8% in a state they had never been to before. 25, when we were in Berlin at the Goal, which is a traditional people's theater theater that was actually built by left-wing workers unions for performances that appealed to the masses in the Berlin proletariat. We had thousands of people in there. We were all one. Germans, Greeks, Greeks, Portuguese, Spanish, British. Subversive. Marxists. The Greens. We were one. Well, you know what they told us that our struggle here in Greece in 2015 was what gave them hope for their own country when they were in solidarity with the Greeks. They were not in solidarity with the Greeks. They saw what we did here and today they see what we are doing here and they think, there is hope for us too, don't forget the working class of Germany is suffering. Their standard of living today is much lower than it was 20 years ago. Austerity was brought here after the bankruptcy of the German French banks was brought here because it was a dystopian laboratory in which they did what? They did all the experiments on the austerity systems that Ireland, Portugal, Spain, Italy, France went after to end up in Germany to hit the German proletariat, which they did. That was the plan, both the Social Democrats and the Christian Democrats. So when we go to them and say comrades we are together in this European Union we will overthrow it together. They smile if we go and say, you know what? This thing is not working. We're going to leave the European Union, you're on your own, hello, they're collapsing. Why would we say that? Do we have a reason? Compare the 2 narratives, one narrative is together, we will overthrow them, not reform them blah blah blah democracies, Europarliaments