So that is why Patras plays such an important role for us, that is why I am symbolically coming down here in Achaia. Like when I accepted the seat in the city of Thessaloniki in 2019. I did my best to be there once a month. At most once every six weeks I promise you that if I keep this seat we will see I will be here in Achaia, you will suffer me again and again and again we have local elections, local elections, local government elections. Know that we will put a very strong emphasis. We have already supported Mayor Peletides. And we have done so because we want to show how we understand the unity of the left. We don't mean the unity of the left as an alias. What will you give us? Didn't we go to Peletides to say what you will give us? How many seats on the city council? Don't give us any. We don't care about getting the job done for the place, but that's what counts for us. There has to be real unity because everyone is talking about unity. On paper in words. We are building unity, I see comrades from ARAS, I see comrades from popular unity. We are all together. Strength in unity. And we show the rest of the left. I was just passing by here, the guys from Antarsya. How nice it would be if we were all together. How nice it would be if we were all together because as we've already proven with the Alliance for Breakthrough. For this embrace that we have made as day 25 the opening after our first consultative council to nonaligned of the left, its to the Arras children in the popular unity to Vasily Lasko, who wrote a very nice article today in the Journal of Editors put something Journal of Editors. Never mind, thank you. To Seraphim Seferiadis. A man from Panteion University with a tradition in Trotskyism. I could give you so many examples of others, like Dimitris Zervoudakis in Thessaloniki, like Hera Dioti, the comrade in Larissa, we are showing the rest of the left what it means to come together. On the basis of what unites us, to keep our differences. To make them strong through dialogue because I learn from you, with whom you may disagree on some things with what we say. I often disagree with what I say. If we don't have a dialectical relationship with each other, a dialectical relationship with ourselves. We are dead we are for the offices, we are not for the people. The dialectical relationship that we develop. As a Day 25 alliance for rupture will be the basis of the new great left of the new great left that does not compromise. That we are selfless, that we really mean it, that office for us is a chore. If you covet offices, the left should not allow you to have them, it's as simple as that. Anyone who hungers for the chair is dangerous. Dangerous we look, we all have ambitions. Candidates want to be MPs or they won't run. It is a constant struggle within us how to fight ambition and use it to become a force for the common cause. This struggle we have to admit our internal struggle, our internal conflict.