Mr Regional Governor, friends, and Young Democrats, thank you from the bottom of my heart for this impressive welcome. I left Athens in cloudy weather and arrived in Mani in sunshine. June 25th will be sunny for our country. A new day will dawn, and we will reaffirm the strong mandate we received on May 21st. We will commit ourselves in this week leading up to next Sunday's elections to raise the bar of our expectations even higher and exceed it. Mr President and Mr Mayor, there was no way the election period could end without me keeping my commitment to be in Laconia, especially here in Gythio, the capital of Mani, to say a big thank you. To say a big thank you for your enduring support for our party, New Democracy. I was, if I am not mistaken, 23 years old, and I still remember Konstantinos Mitsotakis' trek to Mani. Some of you will remember it. I know that my family here had many friends and many girlfriends. After all, the ties between Crete and Mani are unbreakable; we are brothers and sisters. But I want us all to make a bet together: the percentage of New Democracy in Laconia must say '5' on the front. For a few hundred votes, you were "stolen" by the Dodecanese; you have to "fix" that. I am sure, friends, that you will. The Mayor may have said that the election has been discounted. I will ask you in this week left to run our race to allow no complacency. The polls are empty; they need to be refilled. They will be refilled with many New Democracy ballots. It will be an opportunity in this last week, as we head towards the elections, not to engage in sterile confrontations with parties that have anyway discounted their own defeat but to talk positively about our own program, about what we want to do in our country over the next four years. And we have a lot to do. We have a lot of important work to continue and to complete - of course, and in Mani, I'll say the Mani stuff, don't worry.

Of course, let me begin by expressing once again my anguish and the anguish of all of us. We are all shocked by the tragic shipwreck off the coast of Pylos, in international waters - I stress this - which unfortunately cost the lives of hundreds of persecuted people who were looking for a better tomorrow. But as shocked as we are, friends, we must be equally outraged at the wretched traffickers. For these bastards - allow me this harsh language - who traffic in human suffering, exploit human frailties and load persecuted people into rotten boats, at great risk of sinking in the middle of the Mediterranean. But as angry as we are with these traffickers, who are ultimately the real perpetrators of this tragedy, I believe we are equally disappointed with those who, in the midst of this tragedy, have once again found an opportunity, instead of turning their attention to the traffickers, to denounce - in effect - their own country and the Coast Guard, which has made a commendable effort to save hundreds of people in extremely difficult conditions. I do not want to spend too much time with them. We leave them alone in their isolation. I just want to remind you that all those who today present themselves as the supposedly authentic exponents of humanity were the same people who allowed the 'Moria dungeons'. They were the same ones who opened the borders of the homeland to millions of people who crossed Greece in 2015. They were the same ones who a few days ago were condemned by the European Court of Human Rights for the miserable conditions that prevailed in Moria at the time. And they are the ones who come now and tell us that they are the only ones who have the right to talk about humanitarianism.

Look, friends, we have followed a different policy on refugees. A policy of fairness, rigor, surveillance, and border control. A policy that has resulted in a 90% reduction in illegal entries into our country. In this way, we have not only protected our borders but also relieved our islands of structures with tens of thousands of refugees and migrants. Ultimately, we have saved lives. Because the fewer people there are at sea, the less chance of a tragic shipwreck like the one that happened a few days ago. We actually crushed the traffickers. We have protected our borders, the borders of Europe, and saved thousands of people who were in danger at sea. It is really unfair today for our coastguard to be insinuated by some so-called solidarity people that they have not done their job well. But so be it. We leave them to the judgment of society. What I want to say to you here again, from Gythio, from Laconia, is that the policy of guarding our country's borders will continue. The fence on the Evros will be completed, our country has borders that it must guard, and at the same time, we will always be there to rescue any persecuted person who needs our help. This is a policy that has now been recognized as a sound policy by Europe as a whole. European asylum and immigration policy start with the guarding of the external borders of the European Union. This is Greek national policy and has become European policy. And that is how it should be.

Friends, as I said, I want to use these few days left before the elections to talk even more convincingly about what we want to do in the next four years. The citizens rewarded the seriousness, efficiency, integrity, and decency of the New Democracy government at the ballot box on May 21. They acknowledged that we have stood by society through all the difficulties, credited us for holding the country's ship steady in extremely difficult times, and rewarded us for keeping all our key election commitments. I can assure you that I will not jeopardize this relationship of trust that we have now built with Greek society under any circumstances.

That is why the program that you have in your hands, "Steady, Boldly Forward for Greece 2027," is a commitment of New Democracy that will be strictly adhered to. We know that we can do what we say we will do. We will continue to strive for a policy that puts the emphasis on results first and foremost, on how to keep growth rates high, on creating more well-paid jobs, especially for young people who need to return from abroad, and for the young children who stayed in our country to know that they will find a good job with a good salary, so that they too can move on and have their own family.

This policy, my friends, has a reflection in your own countries. You can see, dear Mayor, how much better tourism is doing. You can now see how the whole of Mani is getting back on the world tourist map with many extremely interesting private investments being made, small-scale investments, as they should be in a region like Mani.

We have to preserve the specificity of the region, its natural environment, and its cultural environment.

All of these investments being made are additional wealth for the region. They provide better jobs, more income, and more work for the primary sector. The region's quality products can be made available to visitors who come to the area.

So, we want to realize and complete our dream of environmentally friendly development.

Just as we want to talk and do important things for public health the next day. Public health and the reform of the National Health System are personal bets of mine. I still remember my visit to the health centre in Areopolis when I was still the leader of the opposition, and the substantive discussion we had about how we need to change our whole approach to healthcare, emphasizing primary care and prevention. These policies have started to be implemented. For the first time in our country, we are running prevention programs designed to identify diseases before you know about them. The 'Fofi Gennimata' program for women over 50 for breast cancer has already enabled us to diagnose almost 10,000 women who had breast cancer but did not know it. They found out through a screening test which they had, either in a public or private facility, but free of charge. And now we are allowed to intervene, and these women are allowed to be cured. We want to put the same emphasis on our health centers. Here, the health center in Gythio - I understand that it has already acquired an ambulance - is relatively well-equipped. But I want you to know that the Recovery Fund will finance the new equipment of the health center, and you will have a model health center here in Gythio. Just like the model health center in Areopolis. Because we want to be able to treat patients before they eventually reach our hospitals. And, of course, Laconia will also have the very great dowry of having perhaps the most modern hospital in the country in Sparta in 2026, the great donation of the Stavros Niarchos Foundation, which will go ahead with our support. So you understand how important it is to have healthcare that starts with prevention, that provides good primary care, that we now have personal doctors. The institution of the Personal Doctor is now taking root in Greek society. But, at the same time, for our fellow citizens who will need a hospital, they will be able to get to a state-of-the-art hospital with fast transfers to get the care they deserve. This will truly be a health revolution. And here in Laconia in particular, we will be able to provide a health service that will be as high quality as you deserve to have, equivalent to the best health service in any European country. This is my goal, and we are not going to discount this priority.

I know we have some unfinished business from the 2021 fire, don't we? Some compensation? We'll make sure we tie up that loose end as well.

This year, fortunately, the weather has helped us and the fires, due to the rains, have subsided. But we are well aware that climate change is already here and we need to invest in civil protection.

10,000 recruitments will be made in the health sector for nurses and doctors. New permanent regular staff will be hired to meet all of our health needs.

Friends, I don't want to talk much more about our program because we have already had the opportunity to present it in detail, and we will present it even more in the week between now and the elections. I just want to ask you again not to be complacent. The ballot box is critical, and as you know, there is a strong possibility of more parties entering the House. That means that the bar for self-reliance is rising. It's getting higher, and that means that we're going to need an even stronger percentage in the June 25 ballot than we had in the May 21 ballot. Why? To ensure a stable government with a four-year horizon that can deliver the big changes I have committed to. And we will have that stable government, friends. I have no doubt. We will have it so that we can continue this important work that we have begun.

I want you to know, friends, that there is a lot of talk from our opponents now because they understand that they have been subjected to an electoral "patatrach". They have a new narrative. They say, "New Democracy should not be all-powerful". Only the Greek people are omnipotent. It is they who send the members to parliament and determine the parliamentary majorities.

But I want you to know that the strong percentage of New Democracy is a heavy responsibility for me. I will not allow any manifestation of arrogance or complacency. On the 25th, we vote. On the 26th, we roll up our sleeves and get to work. And the higher the percentage that the Greek people give us, the greater the responsibility to meet your expectations.

I have learned to always set the bar high. I have said many times that my purpose is not to be a mere administrator. I want to change the course of the country. I want to make Greece truly a European country, a safe country. A country that we can be proud of, a country that will play a leading role in developments in Europe. A country that is a pillar of stability in the Eastern Mediterranean. A country which, first and foremost, will give opportunities to all young children, whether they are born in Athens or in a small village in Mani, to excel and succeed in life. This is our vision, help us make it a reality. Give us the power to change our country for the better.

Take care, thank you very much. Let's go to the polls early. First, we go to church, then we vote, then we go to the beach. I'm saying that for the young people. First, we vote, then we go to the beach. Also, I'm accepting the Mayor's invitation. On March 17, 2024, God willing, I will be here as the Prime Minister of this country. Be well, thank you very much.