Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for this very warm welcome. The last time I visited your beautiful island I was unable, due to pressure on my schedule, to come and see you in Lixouri. I had, however, committed myself then that on my next visit I would come to shake your hand and talk to you. And as you know, I have kept my commitments, I am with you today and I thank you for your warm response.

The President commemorated the historical relations of my father, Konstantinos Mitsotakis, with Kefalonia. It is true that his closest associate was the late Nikos Linardatos, who always spoke with great love for his country and I believe that he also contributed to many things that happened at that time. However, I want you to know that today you have before you a man who loves Kefalonia deeply, as I have spent more than ten summers here. From the age of 18 at least until I was 30, I used to come to Kourkoumelata for holidays with very good friends from the island and I have, I believe, a very good knowledge of the problems and the important development opportunities that exist here in Kefalonia.

Mayor, indeed, I think you're right when you say that we have dealt with the problems of local government - this is a regional government - without looking at colours. We supported the municipalities and the regions, because we know very well that you are the first point of contact between the citizen and the state. And if you have sufficient financial tools, you will be able to make the lives of your citizens better.Kefalonia was hit by a series of disasters, the wounds of the 2014 earthquake were unfortunately not healed by the previous government with the speed they should have been and of course we had to add to this an unprecedented natural disaster, that of Janos.  

I want you to know that never before has the state moved faster to repair the damage. I am not saying that we did everything perfectly, I am not saying that everything was done at the pace and speed that citizens might have expected. But we have certainly achieved a significant improvement in the state's response, so that citizens and local government know that when a major natural disaster strikes, the state will ultimately be there to help.

That is what we have done and the Mayor knows that he has secured significant resources from the Antonis Tritsis Programme. Important projects are being carried out, rural road projects, for example, that have never been done in this area here in your municipality, so that we can also meet the needs of the primary sector. But there are still challenges for the next day. You made a reference to your hospital and I want you to know that we will support your hospital. It is a small hospital but it can become a model of a small hospital as we envision it, meeting the basic needs of the population. And in doing so, reflecting the emphasis we want to place on quality public health care for all.

The same applies to the hospital in Argostoli, which I had the opportunity to visit on my previous visit. I was pleased to learn that the new emergency departments are already in operation and are exemplary. Why am I saying this? Because, you see, we intend to invest in public health as a whole. It is a central commitment of mine that the next four years will be a four-year period of substantial recovery of the NHS, and that of course means that you must be able to access quality health care wherever you are, depending on the structures that we have, which we must support. And as part of a very ambitious programme, which includes many more recruitments, we will recruit 10,000 nurses and doctors over the next four years to meet the needs of the National Health System. With extra resources for our hospitals, for our health centres. What has already been done in Argostoli, the modernisation of the emergency departments, the first point of contact between the citizen and the hospital, will be done in 80 hospitals in the country, and 156 health centres will be able to be completely renovated.

Among the interventions, I repeat, that we will support is the complete modernisation of your hospital here in Lixouri. But it is not only the interventions that we want to make in health care. We are well aware of the issue of workers' housing and I believe that we have initiated a solution to a problem that has been lingering. There are other issues that we need to address. We will very soon complete the dredging of the harbour. We need, as I understand it, a desalination plant that can ensure that you have sufficient quantities of water, drinking water for the general needs of your municipality.

I would like to make a special mention of the work that we are doing in the social field, the structures that you have here, the very important structures that you have for supporting people with disabilities. We have put a lot of emphasis on our social face and these are initiatives that we want to continue.

I have spoken to you, as you can see, about our plans for the future, because I would really like this election campaign, until it ends on 21 May, to be a campaign in which we can really talk about the future and not about the past.  I am not interested at this moment in getting into any confrontation with our party opponents. Everyone is being judged. Mr Tsipras presented his programme yesterday. I believe that he has as much credibility as everything he has said in the past. People remember very well what he said in the past and what he did in the end.

We want to be judged independently for what we have done this four years and for what we want to do in the next four years. And indeed, the President was right when he said that we have had a lot in this four-year period. And certainly when I was elected Prime Minister of this country in July 2019, I could not have imagined that during my tenure I would have to deal with a pandemic, an immigration invasion, a war in Ukraine, an imported crisis of insecurity. We had a lot of things happen to us, but I'm proud because we kept the country safe, we kept the country's steering wheel stable, and Greece is in a much better shape today than it was in 2019.

Whenever society needed support, we were there. The President mentioned the refundable advances that we gave during the pandemic, all the shopkeepers, all the commercial world here in Lixouri, in Kefalonia. You had to get support, because if you did not get support, the shops would have closed, the workers would have been unemployed and we would not have the growth we have achieved today.

We are now one of Europe's leaders in growth and I am very proud of that. Our economy is doing well and will do better, and as our economy does well and will do better, there will be more money for education, for health, for welfare, for supporting people with disabilities. That is our central bet and that is what we have been able to do and we have achieved it despite the difficulties. We have implemented our election programme despite the great and difficult things that have happened to us.

I committed to three very simple things when I asked for your trust in 2019. I told you that I wanted to reduce taxes and contributions and, yes, I reduced taxes and contributions for every Greek woman and every Greek man. You all know this better than I do. I told you that I want to create jobs and put the country on a dynamic growth path and bring in investment. In Kefalonia alone - look, I was looking at the figures - there are investments of 150 million. Most of them in the tourism sector, but not only. And arrivals last year were 10% higher than in 2019 and this year is expected to be even better. This is income for the whole island and to support the overall economy of the island. Not only for tourism, for the primary sector, for cultural activities. Because that is how we understand regional development. So I have also kept this commitment.

My third commitment was that I want a strong and secure country. A country that protects its borders. We have protected the borders of the homeland effectively. Our homeland is no longer a "no man's land". We have, I believe, represented the country abroad with dignity, we have claimed European resources, which will be able to make a big difference in the years to come. 31 billion Recovery Fund, I personally negotiated it. Not 17 hours, five days, but I secured EUR 31 billion for the country, and this money is working everywhere.

The new museum in Argostoli, 7 million, will be built with resources from the Recovery Fund. All of our schools, from grade 5 to grade 3, will have interactive whiteboards so that children can have a completely different experience of the modern learning process, with resources from the Recovery Fund. Just two examples of how something that is happening in Brussels can ultimately affect all of you.

So, we are approaching this electoral battle today with the certainty that we have been consistent in our commitments and that is why when we talk to you about our programme for the next four years we are very confident that we can deliver.Our central commitment is simple: we want the economy to grow much faster than the European average, we want to achieve a 25% increase in wages in four years and we can do it. Just as we raised the minimum wage from €650 to €780, we can take it from €780 to €950 over four years.

And of course the same applies to pensions.The faster the economy grows, the faster pensions will grow. We will make other provisions for pensioners, to give you the opportunity, if pensioners want to work, to be able to work without having so much additional cost to their pension. After all, we currently have a need in many areas; we have the opposite problem from what we had in the past, businesses cannot find workers. So for the pensioners, you should also know that you will have better pensions.

And for those who are still in the grip of the Katrougal personal differential, I can tell you one thing: that just as we supported you now, we will continue to support those who would not see increases in their pensions because of the Katrougal personal differential, especially the low pensioners. Until this personal differential is finally erased.You know that one of the most painful and traumatic experiences of the third memorandum brought by the previous government was the Katrougalos law that cut pensions.

We said from the very first moment that we would redress the injustices that have been done. But be careful, you will not hear from me any commitments that I cannot implement the next day. It would be very dishonest to come here and tell you things that I know cannot be done. And it is doubly insulting, I think, for the people, those who cut your pensions, cut the middle class and slashed their taxes, to come here now and say that they are going to do the exact opposite of what they did in the last four years.But, again, I said, I am not interested in getting too involved in what Syriza is saying, I am interested in putting more emphasis on what we are going to do.

Economy, health, better government, digitisation everywhere, evaluation everywhere. I am very insistent, you know, on the concept of evaluation, so that we can improve the performance of the state at all levels.You have seen the revolution that has already taken place with gov.gr. This revolution must spread everywhere and the state must become digital in all its aspects.

And, of course, to make a special mention of our policies for our most vulnerable citizens. For the first time the country has a coherent plan for people with disabilities - it has never had it at the level of horizontal policies - which we are implementing, overcoming chronic difficulties. You know how important the Personal Assistant is for people with severe disabilities. You know better than I do, the burden that is placed on a family who will now be able to have a person next to the person with a disability, to help them, but also for the disabled person to be able to build their life, to claim their own ambitions.All these are very important programmes. Supported living shelters everywhere where we need them, because there is no greater stress than a parent who has a child with a disability knowing that somehow that child can be safe in the event that the parent passes away.

All these are the real problems of the citizens. And it is these problems that we need to talk about, not the many procedural things that journalists ask us.You know, I often go to interviews and we are asked about various issues and I wonder, after all, are the things that journalists ask us about the things that are of concern to society? The answer is no. What you are concerned about is how you will have a better income, how your children will have better jobs, what will happen with health here in Lixouri, in Argostoli, how you will feel when you go to a hospital and have a decent access to health care. What the farmer will do with his harvest. What will happen if a natural disaster hits us on the head.

These are the problems that people are concerned about and we have to talk about them and we have answers. Have we done everything perfectly? No. I am the first to tell you that there were mistakes and failures. But I acknowledged them, always with courage, and whenever mistakes were made, I was the first to step forward, take responsibility and say: 'it is my duty to correct them'.

But we have - and let me close with this - we have become much more experienced and much more confident. We have a plan for Greece for the next four years, and indeed the dilemma in this coming election is very simple: whether we continue on the path of progress, on the path of further tax cuts, of increased pensions, of job creation, of more investment, or whether we go back to an era of over-taxation and borrowing, which at some point our children and grandchildren will have to pay back.

Whether we will continue on a path where the country will protect its borders or we will once again become a "closed vineyard". Whether we will be a country where our voice counts in Europe or whether we will engage in other kinds of third world pursuits, as was the case in the past.

And, finally, whether we are satisfied with this course of the country. Whether we want stability, certainty, to be able to look to the future with confidence, or whether we want to embark on adventures and experimentation. Because what I see today is that there is only one clear proposal for governance: New Democracy strong and victorious in the May 21 elections; no other alternative seems convincing. We have a proposal, and we put it to the Greek people's judgment. We ask to be evaluated for our work and our plan.I am sure that the Greek people will trust us again. And I am sure that the citizens of Kefalonia will again give us the single mandate of Kefalonia, with a greater margin than the one we had in 2019, just as I am sure that we will win all nine single mandate elections and that the map of our country will become blue overall and we will be able to make pleasant surprises where we were not first in the previous elections.

We will be pleasantly surprised by the outcome of the elections. I sense it wherever I go, the dynamism of the people, the need at this moment to rally with us and citizens who have not supported us in the past. There are many of them. Wherever I go, I see our fellow citizens who come to me and say: 'we had not voted for New Democracy in the past, we will do so now for the first time'. And that is a vote of confidence in me personally and in our government. And I am sure that Kefalonia will also send a strong message on the evening of 21 May: boldly, firmly, forwards, with New Democracy as the protagonist. Independent New Democracy, for a strong, independent Greece. Thank you very much. Good strength and good fight. 17 days left. Be well. Thank you very much.