Friends. I want to. Really closing this speech. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for your presence. A presence of a dynamic and hopeful presence that shows. That this party. It is a party deeply rooted in the heart and soul of the Greek people. It is a party. That every Greek remembers the date of its birthday. Every citizen knows its symbol. Millions of hands in Greece raised the flag of PASOK, the flag of the democratic party. Here then, from democratic Ilia. Here, then, from democratic Ilia. I send a message of victory, hope and perspective and I ask all Greeks to proudly raise the green sun high again in our country, the sun of hope, of perspective, of renewal, of social justice and of national dignity. So I want. In these few days left until the great battle, let us all join forces, but above all, let us unite our struggles. Anxieties for the future of our children, for the future of our families, anxieties for everyday life, for the geopolitical position of the country, for the great global developments. So this party, with its founder, a visionary of his generation, Andreas Papandreou, became great because it looked beyond the curtains of the times. It looked far away. He looked to the future and tried to make this country a modern country, confronting the pathologies of the post-civil war state, the pathologies of toxicity and discord. So that is why my message is that this Internet parastate must. Of the media whose media support the division that suits Mr Mitsotakis and Mr Tsipras in these 2025 days, we must take it to the sidelines and give strength to the agony of the good word of realism, progress and hope, but this word. In order for our fellow citizens to hear it, from tomorrow morning, door to door, village to village, the whole city must speak the language of progress, realism and truth. We must speak for another Greece, for the Greece we deserve, for the Greece of perspective. So that is why I ask only one favor of you. In the last three weeks, each and every one of you. Take in your hands the cause of the rebirth of the democratic party. Talk to your children and grandchildren about the good years of PASOK and my generation will talk about the good years of the future that we have a duty to rebuild for every Greek. So raise the flags, it is the flags of victory and perspective together for the victory on 21 May PASOK turns the page with every democrat and every progressive Greek. Good strength and good luck to us and good luck from here in Ilia. The message of victory is strong on election night PASOK will show the way of the future be well and good luck and good luck to us.