Young Democrats of Xanthi and Thrace, thank you. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for such an impressive reception. You know how happy I feel every time I am with you, especially here in Xanthi, in Thrace, my joy is twofold. I always get strength when I meet our locals. But also when I am in this dynamic place, capable of playing a leading role in the whole country.The beautiful space of this amphitheatre is proving today to be too small to house your enthusiasm. And we, you see, have no difficulty in filling such places and starting the speeches on time.

Let me tell you a little story. Mr Tsipras came to my place, Chania, and he said he would speak in the same square where I had spoken. The speech was for seven o'clock and he went to seven thirty and went to eight and went to eight thirty and went to the podium at eight forty, because half the square was empty.

We have no such problems. And know that your voice is heard everywhere, in every corner of the country. On May 21, our Greece, our country and New Democracy will win. Friends, ladies and gentlemen, a big thank you to our youth. And you have a dynamic youth here in Xanthi.

Everybody now recognises that four years we have been laying the foundations of the country we want. As I said yesterday in the presentation of our programme, we have laid the foundations, we have built the first floors and now we are continuing the effort to raise the country we deserve even higher. To complete this renaissance by taking our rightful place in the whole of Europe. That is why it is so important in this election to say no to a second mandate for disaster, yes to a strong second mandate for progress. And just as we once fought together to stay in Europe, now our goal is "to be Europe", all of us and in everything. And Xanthi and Thrace, I can see it in your faces, will again be on the front line. You will wrap both the city and its villages in our blue colours. And on the evening of 21 May the whole territory will be dressed in blue.

Mr. Regional Governor, from Ormenio to Gavdos, from Kastelorizo to Othoni, the blues of truth, certainty and progress. The blues that will signify a self-reliant Greece and a self-reliant New Democracy. Especially you here in Evros, in Rodopi, in Xanthi, in Kavala, in Drama, you know that we have gone through successive difficulties in order to get here.You, our Greeks, remember well the migratory invasions in Evros and the Aegean. Almost at the same time as the storm of the global pandemic, which lasted for more than two years. Immediately afterwards, the war in Ukraine, the international energy crisis, a global inflationary explosion that also hit our economy. Natural disasters, while resisting and resisting the daily threats from our neighbours; but we did it, our borders remained impregnable. They are now established as the eastern border of Europe. And with a huge programme that exceeded 50 billion euros, the state supported households, businesses, protected jobs.

We shielded -k. Minister, as you well know, our Armed Forces. But we have also found ways to stem the tide of power increases and imported precision. But we also found ways, despite great difficulties, despite great crises, to put into practice all that we promised in July 2019. So today, the country - the "dry vineyard" is a thing of the past. Just as those who did not see borders at sea or kept them open are past. Our coastguards at sea, our amazing border guards in Evros, have almost zeroed the flows of illegal migrants. The abomination of Moria and Samos has been replaced by humane accommodation structures. Our islands, which I will also have the opportunity to visit in this beautiful election period, have long been relieved.

And the fence on Evros continues to spread, despite the furious reaction of those who fight it. They are the ones who were the first in Europe to rush, to be the first in Europe to table amendments in the European Parliament to prevent Europe from funding such a deterrent project. From here, from Xanthi, you are sending them a message: they can say these things in Brussels, but they should not come and say them here, in Thrace, in Xanthi, in Rhodope, in Evros.

And of course, in the same period, recognizing the fact that our Armed Forces for a decade have been substantially underinvested, we have steeled our national defense.I was on a tour of Boeotia on Tuesday, the day before yesterday, and while I was speaking in Schimatari, I was listening to the Rafale taking off from Tanagra. Twenty-four we will have by the end of the year. Along with 84 upgraded F-16s. Yesterday, at the presentation of our programme, among the many photos I showed was one that I was very moved by. It is the first Belharra frigate, which is being completed in the French shipyards and will be delivered to our Navy in 2025.

Here, in our remote Thrace, the members of the Armed Forces know how much we have strengthened the army with modern armoured vehicles, with ammunition, but also with increases in salaries and allowances for our servicemen and women on the front line.But, they also know that the workers in our shipyards, which have been revived, know that we are also supporting this sector of the economy, because our shipyards are also reviving and growing along with the country's defence industry.We had reached the point - think of a country with such a large merchant fleet, with a navy that has to be maintained - where all our shipyards were basically under-utilised.

While our diplomacy, in turn, brought its own results: the extension of our territorial waters to 12 miles in the Ionian Sea, our dual strategic alliance with France and the United States, so important, especially the agreement with the United States to make Thrace a geostrategic pole in this world, which is changing so rapidly.

Agreements with Egypt and Italy on maritime zones, at the same time that southwest of Crete, for the first time, our country is exploring its natural wealth.Here in Thrace and especially in Alexandroupolis, you know very well how important it is for our country to become an international energy hub. We took a crisis and turned it into an opportunity to strengthen the geopolitical position of our country and our footprint on the international energy map.

Because it is precisely here, in your region, that the dimensions of both national pride and harmonious coexistence are historically bridged. In other words, in Thrace you are both an outpost and an embassy of the homeland, and you therefore understand our policy better than anyone else. A policy that is internally based on equality between citizens. An egalitarianism and equality for which Konstantinos Mitsotakis was the first to fight and impose.

And externally, it is based on the rules of international legitimacy and good neighbourly relations between states. Fellow party members, friends of Xanthi, from here, from this place where Christians and Muslims live peacefully under the European umbrella of the Greek citizen, I am addressing our neighbours with sincerity.I want to tell them that our relations should not be subject to the intensity of the election battle. We are both heading towards national elections.We must also not be poisoned by myths about the religious minority in Thrace. I do not think there is any of our fellow citizens who would ever want to become a tool of other agendas.On the contrary, the Turkish leadership would do well to understand that reality does not change by falsifying history and conditions. Nor by arbitrarily painting on the map in red islands and areas that were, are and will always be blue.

When you thank a country for its assistance in the earthquakes - yes, because we were the first to rush in, we were the first to help the Turkish people in the face of an unprecedented natural disaster - you cannot at the same time acknowledge this gesture of goodwill and at the same time provoke it.That is why I want to reiterate our clear positions here in Xanthi. We are consistent, we are not naive. We respond to any aggression with readiness, we do not engage in dialogue with the irrational, but we always embrace and reciprocate any gesture of goodwill.

We are ready to examine with Turkey our basic dispute, which is none other than the delimitation of the maritime zones in the Aegean and the Eastern Mediterranean, always in accordance with international law. But we are always unwilling to tolerate any challenge to our sovereign rights, so what is important is for the other side of the Aegean to be careful in its words and, I hope, true in its intentions. We will be the first to respond, as I said, to any gesture of goodwill.

In July 2019, however, I committed myself not only to a safe Greece, but also to a country with lower taxes, with more investment and jobs, with better income, with care for the weakest, in an easier and more digital everyday life and with our national voice finally being heard on an equal footing abroad.So I ask you: have we met all these goals after four years? My answer is yes, we have said and done it, despite the great difficulties we have had to face.

Today, citizens have been relieved of more than fifty taxes, the rate on individuals, the import tax, has fallen from 22% to 9%. I am repeating all this, you know, because we are in danger of taking it for granted.ENFIA, when I came here to Thrace and told you that we would reduce it by 30%, we reduced it by 35%. The solidarity contribution was abolished. The parental benefit tax has been abolished. Every parent can finally transfer property to their children free of charge. Seven, mind you, seven billion in permanent taxes have been taken off the backs of households and businesses.

And for the first time in twelve years, 1.5 million pensioners saw increases of up to 8% in their pensions. And those who are wronged, because we have many of them among us, those who are wronged by the Katrougal personal difference, were boosted by EUR 200 to EUR 300 and will continue to be boosted until the personal difference is finally erased.

The basic salary has risen from 650 to 780 euros. That is two extra salaries per year. And the average income has risen from the combination of permanent tax cuts and exceptional aid.

Yes, I know, many of our fellow citizens are struggling to make ends meet, the imported precision is "nibbling" at their income. But we supported households as best we could, with permanent tax cuts and extraordinary support measures, until this storm of imported precision has passed.

But the best way, my friends, to support income is to get people out of unemployment and create new jobs. How many have we created in these four years? Almost 300,000 new jobs. All of that, I can assure you, did not work, it worked. And they succeeded thanks to a prudent policy that brought the country out of its stagnation.

An economy that is growing at twice the rate of Europe, with record exports, record business plans. Here alone, my dear Regional Governor, in your own Region, there are investments of more than EUR 500 million. A 400% increase compared to what was happening in 2019.

Our national economy - note, this has a special significance - has been upgraded 12 times. It is now half a step away from regaining investment grade status. And you will say to me, why does this concern the average citizen? I will tell you why. Because once we get investment grade, the state, businesses and citizens will be able to borrow cheaper. And that will help everyone and everything. The businesses operating in the region, the households, the small and medium sized businesses. And I personally guarantee that as soon as a stable and strong government of the New Democracy emerges after the elections, we will obtain the investment grade before the end of 2023. I guarantee it.

Because I am well aware that all the rating agencies are waiting for is to see if the elections will result in a strong and stable government. You, from Xanthi, are sending them the message: this will be done in the elections of 21 May.

Today I had the opportunity to visit two dynamic businesses in your region: the Sunlight facility and Thermokipia Thrace. They are two prides of Xanthi. They provide employment and a stable income to thousands of families, equally and without discrimination, proving that Thrace can become a model of modern production.

What I want to stress is another thing: that both the investment grade and your positive effects, as I said, have a precondition. What is that? Political stability. And the presence of a government that will continue the growth trajectory that we have achieved these last years. And, of course, which only one development can guarantee: the second term of office of New Democracy at the helm of the country. A term of office with such strength that it will allow it to implement its programme without hindrance.

I'm opening a parenthesis. Friends, I was listening to Mr Tsipras saying: "give me the first chance to govern without memoranda". I replied: it was you who put us in the third memorandum, with the regressions of the first half of 2015: "give me the first chance to govern without a coronovirus, without a migration crisis, without Turkey". But I will not tell you.

Because for me, crises are not an alibi. Our job is to handle crises. And certainly, the crises we have managed have all been imported. We didn't create them. We didn't go out and shoot ourselves in the foot.

Young Democrats, I do not want to present from this platform the overall account of our government's work, nor will I talk much about the regional and local projects, which we have recently discussed.After all, I have with me here, Mr.Regional Governor, we had presented the development plan for Eastern Macedonia and Thrace, almost seven billion investments.

You have it too. Too many projects of great importance for your region. Just to mention the big irrigation projects. 250,000 acres must be irrigated by the waters of the Nestos. At last, this project, so critical, the Iasmos Dam is moving forward. The major road projects involving the Xanthi region: Sminthis - Echinos, the axis for the Greek-Bulgarian border, Drama - Amphipolis, Drama - Agios Athanasios. And, of course, all these are steps to bring new investments to the region, to fight unemployment in the mountainous areas, because, as you know, isolation is also a form of injustice when it deprives you of work.

I won't tell you much about the big projects that are going on all over Greece. The Athens Metro that is spreading. The Thessaloniki Metro which is being completed and delivered early next year. We promised the people of Thessaloniki a metro and ancient cities. We are putting it into practice.

The whole of Greece has basically been turned into a big construction site. I don't want to talk too much about that, because I want to focus more on what we are going to do from now on, what we have to do. About how we are going to overcome our weaknesses, how we are going to correct the mistakes, which yes, we have the courage to identify them so that we can correct them.

See, for example, health. Despite the pressure on the National Health System during the pandemic, it held up. We doubled the intensive care units, we hired almost 18,000 health workers, more than 1,000 here in your own region; we have already increased by 10% the salaries and allowances of those fighting on the front line in health care. But our health care is still sick, has been for decades, and is far from what we want, especially in hospitals, especially in primary care.

Allow me to add one more parenthesis here, to illustrate the erratic nature of the political discourse of our main political opponent.We had this paradox a few days ago. Mr Tsipras went to Kos and announced as his own political initiative, as his proposal, which is already in place, the use - he says - of private doctors on the islands. This is already happening, with a law passed by the New Democracy. When we were passing the relevant provision, he was the one who shouted that we were supposedly privatising health care. It is just proof that it is not only health that is in trouble, but also some people who, unfortunately, do not take it seriously at all.

Important steps have also been taken in education, but more needs to be done. 25,000 permanent teacher appointments, 1,400 here in Thrace and Eastern Macedonia alone. I am sure we will have some among us.We had 62 Standard and Experimental schools in the country, now we have 138. In Xanthi, in fact, we have a primary kindergarten and a primary school. Soon, in fact, from the fifth grade to high school, all students in all public schools, in 36,000 classrooms, will be taught by digital interactive whiteboards, because that is how we see the future of education.But there is still a lot to be done, especially in vocational education. You have the excellent Democritus University, which you know how much we support. We have also been consistent in our commitment to the establishment of the Department of Psychology in Didymoteicho. We said it, we did that too.

But also to the state. Yes, we have made great strides. gov.gr is a revolution for all and for everyone. It's hard to imagine your life how it was before gov.gr, how we stood in queues to process our easiest transaction with the state. Today, all this is done without queues, without hassles.But I know very well that at the same time, in some other part of the public sector, the trap of anachronism and "ochodermism" is lurking. Unfortunately, we have seen this in the Tempi accident.We must therefore cancel out these negative aspects of the state and generalise the good side, the positive side of the state. Because, yes, we very often complain about the things we do not like about the state and we are right and we must correct them.

But the state is also the mechanism that organised an exemplary vaccination campaign, Operation Freedom. The state is also the EMAK, the ambulance service and the border guards. The State is the Civil Protection. We fought so many difficult fights in the fires, you remember them well, the difficult fire we had in Dadia last summer. The state is also the '112', which helps us in natural disasters. 112, which has been working in our country - and I would like to say this - for three years now in an exemplary manner. We all now know that when that sound rings, we must look at our phone and read the message that the Civil Protection Service is sending us. Now, just now, in the UK, they are experimenting. They will have it a year from now. We have had it, already, for three years; State is our pilots and our Special Forces who flew to Sudan - and are returning right now - to rescue our compatriots. They went and flew into a war zone and are returning safely.And the State, of course, is also the mechanism - and I am addressing women in particular here - that has so far alerted 130,000 Greek women to have digital preventive mammograms. For the first time, the state is going to the citizen, not waiting for the citizen to come to the state.

That's it. You know, that's the state we want. This is the state that I envision. And it is precisely on this overcoming of delays, on a dynamic perspective for the country that the programme for the next four years is based, which I had the opportunity to present yesterday at a different event from the usual ones. I encourage you, if you have not seen it, I think you will find it interesting, because we basically outline measures that are included in five major chapters on how I envision a productive, social, fair, green, digital Greece.  I always stress this to avoid misunderstandings: green, environmentally green, blue political.

But first and foremost, a strong Greece. And this productive Greece, which is the foundation for all other policies, can have growth that is twice the European average. It is the only way, my friends, to increase our wages, which are still - I am the first to admit it - low in our country; we can increase our wages in four years by 25%. It is possible. The average salary should reach 1,500 euros and the minimum should reach 950 euros.For civil servants, for the first time in a long time, we will have a new single pay scale. 500 million more will be made available for increases for civil servants.

While our pensioners can take and expect to get increases of close to 4%, as long as we continue to have these healthy growth rates.

I want to continue the policy of reducing taxes without jeopardizing fiscal stability. This is the cornerstone which for me is non-negotiable. I will never allow Greece to return to the stone age, where we were beggars and begged for support programmes.

But we will phase out the business tax. And for families, from 2024 the tax-free allowance will be increased by €1,000 for each child.We will reduce employer contributions. In a first phase, by one point. We will reduce the presumption of living expenses by 30% and of course disposable income will be doubly boosted by permanent increases and permanent tax cuts.

I said a lot about social Greece yesterday. Health, education, affordable housing, better public transport.

On health, let me tell you how important it is to complete the recruitment of 10,000 nurses and doctors as soon as possible. Most of them are people who are serving in the health care system and will be made permanent through the advertisements that are already running, and I know that many of our hospitals are not in the condition we want them to be in. Especially the emergency departments. We're going to upgrade 80 hospitals and 156 health centers with Recovery Fund resources. And we will expand free screenings for all citizens and for all major diseases.

For education, we will reach 150 model schools. We will expand the full-day programme in kindergartens and primary schools. We will build many student residences. I want nearly 10,000 of our students to have access to student housing, free of charge, so they don't have to incur additional rental costs.

And for our youth, for our young people, let me tell you how pleased I am with the tremendous response so far to the "My House" programme.How many young people have rushed to find homes that can be included in the programme. They will acquire them with a low-interest loan from a bank, subsidized by the Greek state. They will, in other words, pay much less for the loan instalment than they would pay to rent an equivalent house. Only that eventually, after a few years, they will own the house. 20 000 beneficiaries - because the budget of the programme will be doubled - will be able to benefit from this programme.

And of course, and of course, the just Greece, which first of all - for me when I refer to a just Greece - is a Greece that supports the vulnerable.This is how I understand Justice. As a policy of reducing inequalities. To know that every Greek, every Greek woman, can have the right to prosperity in the country and that the care of the state must prioritize our fellow citizens who are in greatest need.

We will increase the Minimum Guaranteed Income by another 8%, and an institution that I personally believe very much for people with disabilities, the Personal Assistant, will be extended throughout the country. 2,000 of our fellow citizens will be able to have a person by their side, to take away from families this huge burden of caring for severely disabled people.

We will put a strong emphasis in the second four years, friends, on justice. Justice is slow, we all know that. It is inconveniencing citizens, it is inconveniencing businessmen. I have a goal and a measurable result: Within four years we must approach the European average in the administration of justice. We will achieve this goal too.

And of course, a just Greece must make the state more efficient. For the first time, we held a horizontal ASEP competition, in which more than 70,000 candidates participated.Civil servants will be made permanent after a two-year probationary period, they will work with a digital card and all will be evaluated. I am not backing down an inch from the need to have evaluation everywhere, not just to cover shortages, but to reward performance.

When we did a major restructuring that produced results in the EFKA, I said to the EFKA management, "Very well, I will give you additional resources for those employees who are performing better and making more pensions." And by magic, the EFKA came into order and we solved the long pending issue of not having to wait two and three years, but in two months your pension finally comes out. By 2027 the state will be 100% digital. What you see with gov.gr is just the beginning.

Two words about green Greece. As I said, environmentally green, which is so important, Mr. Regional Governor, Mr. Mayors, here for your region, because you have such a unique natural environment that you have to protect.

Our goal by 2027 is to have 80% of the country's electricity generation from the sun, wind and other forms of Renewable Energy Sources. It means that we will not be dependent on anyone who threatens to cut off our gas. It means that we will no longer be in the financially uncomfortable position of having to pay 7 billion a year, as much as we paid in 2022 to import gas, because gas prices have soared; but it means cheap and clean energy for businesses and households. Let me give two examples again from the businesses I visited today. Thrace Greenhouses has a unique patent. They produce energy with geothermal energy. This essentially means that energy is turned into a comparative advantage. And I will support the Region and all investments that will take advantage of Thrace's important geothermal fields; we have more programs for "rooftop PV" and PV for our farmers. Small photovoltaics so that energy is not a disadvantage, it becomes an advantage for you.

At the same time, this digital and green Greece will make everyday life more friendly for all of us. We need to close the loose ends from the past.

Waste management units, 45 in number, will be completed by 2027. A lot of reforestation, protection of our forests. And of course, full coverage of public and private properties with fibre optics and fast internet.If we really want to break the isolation of the Region and if we want to attract people who come to us and say "I may not want to be in Athens, I may want to come here to Xanthi or Komotini or go to a village to work", we need fast internet speeds.

Let me tell you that I was very happy to go to Sunlight today. I met a young engineer and there are many examples in this company who can tell the same story that she told me: 12 years I worked in the UK, engineering electric car batteries. I decided and came back, now I live and work in Xanthi and I am very happy about my choice. This is what reversing the brain drain means in practice. Good jobs all over the region.

And, of course, to close with the last chapter of our programmatic speech, Strong Greece. First, -this has three priorities.

National Defence: many programs that have been launched, which must continue to run in the next four years, armament programs, the most important of which, as I said yesterday, is the program for the three new corvettes of the Navy, two of which will definitely be built in Greece.

We will continue our fair but strict policy on migration. The fence on the Evros will be extended and completed and let our opponents complain. And let them say on the one hand that they will complete it too, but on the other hand that the fence is not needed.

I have never heard greater gibberish than what Mr Tsipras said today on immigration policy. Well, we are clean. We want to protect our borders. We want to limit the migration flows. We will work with Europe to ensure that illegal immigrants are returned to their countries of origin. We have integration policies for those who are granted asylum in our country. They are welcome and we want to integrate them into the Greek state and Greek society, but we are not going to step back from our position, which has now become a European position, that any European immigration policy starts with guarding our borders. Our borders are also European borders and we will guard them in the most effective way possible.

But security also means internal security. Strengthening the police, a greater presence on the streets. You know, we can only do this through the digital changes we are making - what is that? Freeing police officers from the current bureaucracy - freeing almost 5,000 police officers. Who right now are in the offices. And they're doing jobs that we can handle digitally, free them up and get them out on the street. Where they need to be.

And, of course, the international position of our country, with the continuation of the Government's intense activity in Europe and in the world. Greece, I must tell you, is now playing a central role, in the American Congress, in the Arab world, in the major capitals, in Brussels.

In Brussels, a number of important European initiatives were Greek-inspired initiatives. From the digital certificate, which allowed us to open up our tourism. The Recovery Fund, for which we fought so hard and Greece is the big beneficiary.

Because some people went to Brussels and, yes, they negotiated, not 17 hours, but five days, and we brought back 31 billion euros.The others went five days to do a "backflip" after the referendum and put a memorandum on you. That is our difference.

I am Prime Minister because I am the President of our great party, the New Democracy, which will again be the winner of the next elections.

Ladies and friends, I want you to know that all these things that I have talked about briefly may be ambitious, but they are absolutely realistic.They are as realistic as our plan was realistic in 2019, when we told you that, yes, we can cut taxes, but because we will put the economy on a growth path, we can stimulate public revenues. So that we have resources to support society in crises, while at the same time reducing public debt.Those 2019 targets seemed distant at the time. I remember when I was talking to you, at that time many citizens trusted us, but there was a suspicion in their eyes. They were saying, "Is Mitsotakis now just another politician who is just another politician who is shaking and cannot deliver what he is telling us?".Friends, there is one thing I will never negotiate. That is my personal political credibility. What I am telling you, I know that we can implement.

That is why this government programme that I have presented to you has specific timetables. It costs about 8 billion over a four-year horizon. These are resources - compare, 8 billion for us, 45 billion for others - that have secured funding. And it is our response to the lies of the opponents, which are promises without measure. These will either lead to a new tax raid, or most likely - if ever, which is why they will never be implemented, which is why they are so easily said - they would lead to a new bankruptcy and a new memorandum.

And this - let me conclude with some general political remarks - makes the importance of these elections even more crucial. Because, in front of us, we have an incorrigible Syriza, which has failed as a government. It has turned Greece into a centre for migrants passing through, it has burdened us with 100 billion additional costs from the memoranda, but it has also done something even worse: It poisoned society with division and simplistic slogans.

Then SYRIZA also failed as an opposition. It had four years to correct itself, but today Mr Tsipras is everywhere proclaiming a dark and miserable reality. I am not saying that there are no difficulties in our country, but Greece is certainly a much better country in 2023 than it was in 2019.

So the opposition is dishing out grey and disaster. I want to remind you that - as my colleagues in Parliament remember - it said no to everything and yes to nothing. It voted no - listen to this - to tax cuts; it voted no to an increase in the minimum wage; it voted no to armaments, no to defence agreements, no to the Evros fence, no even to the rights of our fellow citizens with disabilities. He voted no to the protection of the Parliament from the 'straw men' of Golden Dawn.

And on the other hand, what is the main slogan of Mr Tsipras? "Justice everywhere". Everywhere except on Mr. Tsipras' side, because that's where the 13 - 0 convict in the Special Court, Mr. Pappas, is strutting his stuff.

And what are they betting on now? On simple proportional representation. After winning two elections with enhanced proportional representation in order to govern with Mr. Kamenos, they leave behind them a "mine" to hit New Democracy. But a mine that I deeply believe threatens both our democracy and the country with ungovernability, which is exactly the opposite of what the country needs today. Because in an uncertain international environment, with an unpredictable neighbour by our side, we need certainty, continuity and perspective more than ever.

The electoral victory of New Democracy is therefore not only a party expediency. It is a national necessity. One question will ultimately be the question on 21 May: do we move forward or do we turn back? This dilemma has many facets. Do we want results or do we want lies? Do we want taxes and cuts again or do we want increases and good pay? Do we want firmness or lightness? Do we want a Prime Minister who will be appreciated by foreign leaders or someone behind whom they can hide?In the end, all versions come together in one: do we want New Democracy with Prime Minister Mitsotakis or do we want Syriza with Prime Minister Tsipras?

That is why the dilemma of the elections is simple, it is real, but it is also crucial. Be careful, in the elections of 21 May, there is no room for frivolous behaviour, no room for empty votes of so-called protest.

I'll say it again, no mistake can be corrected after the ballot box. Evil will have happened much more when you know our opponents are ruthless. I will say it again and I mean what I say. I don't believe anything they say. I recall that they said one thing and did another in the "bloody referendum"; I recall that they were proclaiming then, in August '15, that they would not hold another election and they did. They were proclaiming that they would stay in their positions to ally with the far right of Kamenos.

Just as I don't think I'm the only one who doesn't trust a political figure who wants to blow up the banks again and replace people's deposits with printed coupons. We have, he says, the lottery printing coins.

And one more thing. I don't trust anyone who refuses to be the leader of the party that the people have voted for first.

So, what is there against the proposal, today, for the governance of New Democracy? I see a chaos. Forces without principles; forces that if they could - have no doubt - would want to join forces even if they were defeated. This "monstrosity" that I spoke about, the government of SYRIZA - PASOK - Varoufakis with Prime Minister Tsipras, in exchange for the consolidation of proportional representation, is certainly on their minds.And they have now discovered a new patent, after the government of the defeated. We now have, they say, a government of tolerance. That is not tolerance. This is about guilt.

Because this government will rely on the tolerance of Mr Varoufakis, who also found the currency that will replace the euro, "Demeter". I apologise to the Executioners in our company for their name being slandered in this way.

Look, we're not going to indulge them. Close doors, windows and cracks to these governments of guilt and tolerance, to their plans for a "rag and bone" government; and with your vote, close the way to any possible collaboration that will bring paralysis. Tomorrow's government cannot be held hostage to partisan bargaining. Nor can decisions be lost in endless negotiations.

Here, to our north is Bulgaria. Five elections in two years with a simple proportional representation system are not making any sense. They are heading for a sixth ballot, and it is doubtful whether a government will emerge from it.I ask you, do we need such political instability in the country? The answer is one: No, we need a clear horizon on the way, a clear solution in the leadership.

That is why May 21 will ultimately determine who will govern. And the more thunderous the message, the more easily the second ballot box will arm the winner with the power to govern the country effectively.That is why the vote, on the day of Constantine and Helen, is clear: Self-empowered Greece, self-empowered New Democracy, a vote for the celebration of democracy.We start the race with the truth about our work as our starting point, explaining to all our fellow citizens why New Democracy must be the big winner on May 21. All of Greece will be blue, ready to move firmly, boldly, only forward.

Let us go together for the great victory, the victory of New Democracy, the victory of Greece, the victory of Democracy. Be well, goodbye and good luck with the victory.
