I would like to thank you all for being here today. I am in an area that I personally feel I have a special connection to. Not only because I am a Member of Parliament for the prefecture of Larissa, but also because I have a root in Thessaly as a whole, and I have roots in the wider region.

What I want to stress is that unfortunately we are confirmed as the Greek solution for what has happened in the last few days.We understand that there is a lack of reasoning from the big parties in power, the ones that ruled because the big party is pretending to speak.We understand the difficulty they have in talking to the Greek people with arguments. But we cannot understand this falling into the mire of rivalry, insults and slander. I hear among them a boyish, boyish discourse that is particularly disturbing to me. Of course I expected it because in the last two months, in the context of their collaborations and who will work with whom, one with the other, with one or alone? They had to entrench their party audience and they found the worst way the vulgar way to insult each other. We will never go along with that logic.

This morning I don't know how many people watched, Elon Musk put up a tweet on Twitter and it shows a road, a road that one side they all follow together like a herd and sheep and another road. The lonely road to success and Musk said that at some point in life you have to choose the road that leads to success even if it is a lonely road. So the Greek solution has chosen the lonely, difficult way for a very long time. This way that we are treated by the system as a difficulty for this parastate of Athens and the system of Athens treats the Greek solution with hatred. And with envy but also with insults without arguments. This shows that we are causing them panic. I've been reading infinite fake news its been seeing fake news and fake parties lately. Because the new republic in their panic is trying to create the I repeat, impressions we will not follow them.

Because we are not the ones who have brought the country to bankruptcy. We are not the ones who are mired in scandals and direct contracting is the new democracy. The family shop of Mr Mitsotakis is not the new democracy; they are not the new democracy; they are the ones that the Greeks knew have nothing to do with Constantine Karamanlis, the first of this party, a party that is steeped in corruption, one still steeped in familialism not just because the whole family is almost fed by the public or the wider public sector. That's the last thing that matters, but because they don't want people of immaculate morality, transparent, crystal clear, to spoil what they have built, the corrupt state. 

We will continue. We will keep talking, we will keep shouting and, most importantly, we will keep reminding in every direction. That Greece today is among the 5 worst European countries in terms of journalism. This does not honor, not the journalists, the journalists. Unfortunately, they are employees, they are under others, but to the publishers, these rodents of the country, that's what I call them. Unfortunately, it is an unfortunate truth about the reality that they left Greek journalism and Greek information in the clutches of the New Democracy of Mr. Mitsotakis. What is happening with information Greece really can only happen in third world countries. Only in the world, in the world, which is really in a deplorable state; reporting, sick, democracy, sick, corruption triumphs.

This is not the state that the Greek solution envisions, this Greek solution talks about a meritocratic state, a state where better people can get and occupy positions. That is why I often insist on the Athens parastate, which hates the province. I am squarely on this parastate and the Athens para system hates the whole province, does not want the province and it is the first time in the political history of the country that still from the province. It is in Athens and the saying of a top minister that we shouldn't let Velopoulos run Athens says it all. They think that the parastate in Athens is their own shop, that no one can intrude there. Nobody can have an opinion and a say, but they are wrong. The Greek people. May 21 will give it its answer and it will be loud. It will be a resounding one no matter what they are working on behind the scenes. Today the press is full of apostasy scenarios. I need not say anything else, but those of you who read the press, which is still free and can write freely, read the scenarios that the machismo is working on. My point of view is redundant and I say redundant because I have been confronted with it in the past few days? Personally myself. and the operation of looting the Greek solution by the back door after the elections, but they are dealing with a man and his team, who know what is going on around them, they got their answer. We soon got the solutions in our hands and cut the Gordian knot. So their panic up created fake parties, since they couldn't get away with apostasy and co-government with the Greek solution, which would never happen at least as long as I was standing.

I say this because the government and the opposition are divided. I said it yesterday from Thrace, where I was in Alexandroupolis, Komotini, Xanthi and Kavala, and they are possessed by the syndrome of abdominism. They promise everything to everyone nonsense of people who cannot produce wealth and produce debts. Today I heard the Prime Minister say that if elected he will reduce VAT on consumer goods. Until yesterday the lying Prime Minister was saying that this could not be done. Today the Prime Minister has found out today what we were telling him, namely about VAT.

Today the lying prime minister discovered the Greek solution proposal, that it will give incentives to employers to hire 10,000 young people without work experience. What we were telling him, instead of giving him the new unemployment fund, the unemployed, we should give him the salary and unemployment fund, so that he does not get 500 600 €, but he gets 1100 € salary

today the Greek prime minister, the lying prime minister from Chalkida, calling her yesterday, spoke, listen to the dilemma of the elections and said that we must continue to go forward. Should we go back? The lying Prime Minister forgets that our country's debt has exceeded 415 million euros. The lying Prime Minister forgets, and I repeat, that his party owes EUR 400 million or more in maritime loans. And if everything he says is not a lie, then the man and he is sane. Tash brakes has a problem of perception one of 2 or he is lying or he does not understand what he says and what he has done, What damage has democracy done to the country

Also? I have to say about Mr Tsipras. That it is too late for tears.Yesterday Mr Tsipras from Kozani copied our proposal and said the following. I will postpone the end date of the fifth unit in Ptolemaida, because the energy mix cannot be without lignite. The man who in his programme says he will abolish lignites now said yesterday, another liar. Potential prime minister wants to be says he will bring back the speakers, while in his programme he is clear about abolishing lignites listen their abdirism is clear, and I say abdirism to look a little Greek. What does abdiritism mean as it was done in ancient Abdera, the inhabitants of this city. The proyhods, like Mitsotakis, decided to make the most beautiful fountains. Too much money with marble, with a key to make the water run and the waterfalls sound in the city. But they forgot something very simple: the city had no water. They built, that is, they gave all the money from the funds to build marbles, granites, fountains and the fountains were left without water. So does the new democracy and SYRIZA promise everything to everyone, but they themselves cannot produce wealth.

I say this because I have been telling them for a very long time that Greece must produce wealth. I say to you that the Greek solution, we say to you as the Greek solution, Greece has huge gas reserves, everyone is now saying that. Fifty Billion EUR money of the Greek people, which we must give back to the Greeks, the Greeks can eat with golden spoons and be rich. The mineral wealth that all the channels are hiding mainly in the nationwide, they bury the issue and that is what makes me angry. It is 500 billion euros. This money can be made in two 3 4 years with mining. The New Democracy does not want mining, Syriza does not want mining, the other parties do not want mining, only we want gas extraction and we want this money to go to the Greek people in their pockets. Mr. Ellelides, Mr. Foskolos. The University of Houston Geological Survey, the Deutche Bank in the past talk about 500 billion euros. There are deposits. So I say that we want to give them to the Greeks New Democracy, PASOK and SYRIZA want to take us into coexploitation with the Turks and give them to the Turks.

So choose, do you want to be rich Greeks and have all your children and grandchildren well off or do you want to share the wealth of Greece with the Turks? This is the dilemma of the May 21 elections. Choose rich Greeks the poor Greeks with a new democracy, PASOK and SYRIZA with sharing with the Turks.

I say that, why? Because we must not forget that today in Cyprus Americans have started drilling. This says it all, and we still have Mr Mitsotakis, who have now remembered the national issues that are not discussed, of course, and are avoiding discussing them in the media. And it seems strange to me because national issues don't sell. It makes sense that national issues are not being sold, since these gentlemen are selling Greece and are selling it out everywhere - they have sold out Macedonia, they have sold out Northern Epirus, they are selling out the Aegean. Now they have sold out Cyprus, they will sell out everything to stay in their chairs. So I also see an agreement between Greece and Turkey that proves that the new democracy is now acting in a minority way, neither submissively nor appeasingly, in a minority way towards Turkey. Turkey will refrain from violating international law and good neighbourly relations with Greece. Turkish aircraft will stay out of Greek airspace, and Greece will refrain from exercising its sovereign rights, and I ask the new democracy, is this true, Mr. Dendias? And Mr Mitsotakis, yes or no? Is this commitment valid, yes or no?

And the second thing I have to say is that Mr. Dendias' statement is politicism. Mr. Dendias says, Greece has the rights that the English gives it and does not negotiate with another country or English is the Convention on the Law of the Sea and refers to the Greek EEZ. It says the tree itself, which brought reduced influence to the country, that is, it crippled the country with the reduced influence of the EEZ. It really appeals to a people who under the door want and the difficulty of economic hardship forget everything. They don't remember.

I'll tell you this. To show you how they're killing Greece, I don't know if I can show it, but I'll show you this is a graphic example of how as GDP falls, the demographics collapse and the birth rate falls.Greece is dying and they're not giving incentives to have Greeks, the biggest problem of the country, apart from the economic problem that can be solved. As I said, it is demographics. They want to fill Greece with hotspots, they want to fill Greece with Pakistanis, Afghans and Somalis. We want Greeks to be born - it's our qualitative differences, our substantial differences.

and in closing, I have to say the unpleasant things and Thessaly I was informed that about 60 million less will be given to the farmers. Hold on to your hats when I was saying this? When Velopoulos and the Greek solution were saying it. Some people were making fun of me, I was saying that hunger is coming, that the farming world must be supported, that it must be supported. Livestock farming must be supported, fishing must be supported because it is the primary stage of economic development. Those who read a little history understand what I am saying. Let them read Xenophon's economics, let them read Thucydides. If you don't help the farmer to produce products if you don't give him tax-free oil to keep his production costs low, if you don't give it to the farmer, if you don't give it to the fisherman, then we are finished.

And our promise is that the 500 billion euros of mineral wealth will not be plundered by the oligarchs, nor by the canal lords, nor by the wealthy of Athens, the Athenian parastate. The Greeks will eat it up and reap money and another 500 billion. What do I mean? You can not give wind turbines on the money of the Greek 10 billion euros direct awarding about 10 billion euros in photovoltaic parks have done the whole plain with photovoltaic, when it is known that there is no way at least in wind turbines to store the electricity, the OPER means that it turns the turbine and does not produce energy because it can be stored. Why not give it to the farmer you guys This money when I give 1 € to the farmer, The surplus value of the product becomes 7 when I give ONE EURO to the wind turbine surplus value becomes zero 10 no relation. And the farmer is the one who can produce surplus value of products, pyramid kind this year one to 7 next year 7 will become more 7 will become 10.

I say this in very simple terms, so that they understand that the 500 billion euros that we have copied the Norwegian model. What did Norway do and pensioners get a pension of 4.05 thousand euros, when in Greece the farmer gets 400 euros with hardly any money.I made it very simple, I linked the extraction of gas with a big rate with the pension funds and so these funds have 4 5 thousand euros and they all get 4 and 5000 euros in Norway because they have gas. Why should we do it in Greece? Why should Greece do that? And it's rhetoric. The answer and the question only the Greek solution wants to do it only we want to do it. Everybody else wants to bury it and we want to dig it up.

That's all I had to say. I just want to say something that all the channels have hidden.And that's a strange thing. Strange. Okay, in a Greece of channel masters, oligarchs and all the things that we proposed. They give 9 million euros to the nationwide channels.We proposed to the bipartisan committee 2 things. One is that one third should go to the regional channels, the 9 million was refused and we also proposed that the advertising messages paid for by the state of the parties should be shared again in this way they cannot get 5 million from advertising and another 9 million. All this the Athens Paramounty to take it must be taken by the region No party, no party supported us, I tell you none, so it was bad to take 3 million about one hundred and 110 channels informative because there are other channels that are their OTHER job informative in the region so bad was it now so the Athens Paramounty will take all this H? That's our difference. Because we're a party of the province, we support the province.

And I read. The Commission is asking Greece to put money behind the development of rail safety funding. Why has Greece never implemented this program?57 dead, including my good friend.30 years of friendship with George were lost in Tempe. The problem is not the state, but no. I have a different view now and it has been proven by the facts. It is the short memory of the Greeks. Greeks forget. That week was the week of shock. A month and a half passed and we all forgot. The Greeks forgot the young children, the flower of the society of Northern Greece. Is it possible for Greeks to forget 57 innocent victims? And not to get angry and not to remember who is responsible. Is it possible that there is a Greek who does not feel sorry for his neighbour who lost his child? These neo-Greeks don't really deserve to exist in my opinion. Greek has philotimo, has a heart, 57 dead and now the money back. So vote again for the new democracy, PASOK and SYRIZA.And then don't say it's not your fault, all of you, all the citizens who approve of these choices who approve of the crime against Greece with their vote? So, on May 21, for our Greece there is a solution, the Greek solution.
