But above all, from the very next day of the elections, what the people knew was confirmed: that the KKE will be there from the very first moment. And we were there, next to the residents of Kalamia Kozani, together with the workers of Zoni, when they lost their colleague in front of the people's houses so that none of them would be lost in an auction, outside the Ministry of Health so that no more human lives would be lost due to shortages in healthcare, and also in the flooded houses of Polihni. Everywhere, the KKE was there, the only 100% militant, popular opposition, not in words, but in practice! The KKE proved in this election period that it is the only hope for the people. At the time, when immediately after the previous elections, SYRIZA was again sowing disappointment, when its members and cadres were lying around cursing the people and saying that "nothing can change," the KKE told the people from the very first moment that the election result creates new difficulties, but there is hope. We can be optimistic because the KKE can become stronger and face them. We have proved once again that we are the only ones who are not afraid in the face of negative correlation! And this is a guarantee for the people for the next difficult day with the unpopular government of the Southwest. Because we know that with the KKE in front, the people have the power to sweep them away. Because we will lead the workers' and people's struggle against the new anti-people's government of the Southwest, against the policy of the EU, for what the people and the workers in our country need and demand. We stand firm because we have confidence in the people. Because we know that nothing is invincible or immovable. Because the only times when the government of the Southwest was really squeezed, when it had a hard time, in the past four years, was when the people came forward with the communists. In the pandemic, in the demonstrations against repression, in the big strikes, in the demonstrations against the warlike involvement, in the magnificent demonstrations over the Tempi. And let's not have the confidence and the "thousand hearts" style in the Southwest that they are taking an unpopular walk. Such was the case with the GOPites, and we saw what happened to them, from the communists and the Panchayat. There is a KKE here!