Comrades, friends, romantic disobedient, disobedient realists, fellow travellers and competitors. Along with Jeremy Corbyn's companion greeting, along with Adrienne Cluément, who was here on the podium conveying the moving support for the Day 25 Alliance for the Rupture of France's Insubordinate France party, co-host Jean-Luc Mélenchon. Along with the support I carry, at the request of the President of Mexico, Andrés Manuel Lopez Obrador and his Morena party. Along with the love and wishes of another old friend of many of you and me, Rafael Correa, Naomi Klein, our heartfelt companion and friend Noam Chomsky, Elche Temelcuran, Brian Ino who has written the musical theme to each of our videos, Roger Water. And all of our fellow travelers of Day 25 Europe-wide, the Progressive International, which counts 200 million members from all over the planet. Along with all these messages, tonight it is my duty to carry here in our Athens, to you who have set up tonight's celebration of struggle, rupture and subversion. To bring you the message of the struggle for good from all corners of our Greece. From wherever we have passed on this electoral journey. From Rhodes and Xanthi to Alexandroupolis. From Chania and Heraklion to Serres and Kavala. From Volos, Trikala, Larissa to the Ionian Kyra, Corfu. From Ioannina and Arta to Patras, Aegio, Corinth, yes, and Sparta, Kalamata. The message. From all these places. From places with soil soaked with sweat, with the tears and blood of fighters who never wilted. Even under the yoke of the most brutal occupation. Even after the bitterest defeats.
The message from everywhere. The message we have been authorized to bring you tonight is one. Enough mourning for the betrayed referendum, time for a new overthrow.

Subversion. History is being disobediently written. It is written with disobedience. So much for lamentation, time for a new reversal. So much for decay, time for a first rupture. So much for the toxic lie that there is no alternative, that rupture is an illusion. Time for it to be owned that, yes, everything can be different. Last night we were in Thessaloniki, the Thessaloniki of the Federacion, of the 12 dead workers who fell on May Day 1936. The Holocaust of our Jewish fellow citizens, the blockade of Chortiatis, the dead youth of the EDA, the place where Lambrakis was murdered in '63 or Yannis Chalkidis under the Junta, but also the city where, under Mitsotakis SA, the students of the Aristotle University took on the abomination of the university police of Mrs Kerameos and won. They annulled it in practice.

We are here for you. For the youth. Our generation has failed. All we can do is deliver you. Whatever political capital you have left to run it. Tonight we are here in Athens and you young people must remember that this is the Athens of the uprising, of the 3rd of September, of the marginal demonstrations against the Nazi conscription. This is the Athens of Kaisariani, the Athens of the Kokkinia blockade. And not to forget. It is also the Athens of the 12 dead gassed by the British and the Bolsheviks on December 3, 1944, plunging the country into civil war and the whole world into the Cold War. We are in the Athens of 1, 1, 4 of Sotiris Petroulas, the adamant against early Mitsotakism. We are in the Athens of the funeral of the Old Man in the midst of the Junta, of the Law School uprising, of the Polytechnic. In the Athens of the squares of 2011, which like the Polytechnic in '73, the squares in '11 amidst memorials and a deep deep memorial night. The squares of '11 saved our collective moment, just as the Polytechnic saved our collective moment in the Junta, while the majority in the Parliament voted to turn the country into a vast debt serfdom. The squares were filled with a democratic pulse, laying the foundations for a break with the current extension of the memoranda, which is none other than Mitsotakis SA. We are in Athens on July 3, 2015. You remember July 3, 2015, when Syntagma Square was drowned in the flood of people of NO. That glorious evening, comrades, fellow comrades, fellow travellers, friends, that glorious evening at Syntagma. Different generations. Of the EAM of the Polytechnic, the Trade Union Struggles, the Student Struggles, different generations saw their separate struggles merging in a giant celebration of liberation, as Marianna said before fear.

To come to today, to you here. Yes, we are in the Athens of the drama school occupations against the attacks of Mitsotakis SA. The attacks of Mr. Mitsotakis and company on the unruly culture. The culture that is not controlled by the oligarchy with its institutions, rooftops and riot police.

To the generation of Tempi that grew up here in Athens, you stood up and achieved what our generation never managed to do in the last 30 years. What did you achieve? To break down the hegemony of privatisation after Tempi, to cancel the deceptive and toxic lie. The deceptive and toxic lie that the oligarch, the Trojan, wants what's best for us. That the oligarch and the Trojan know better than you. Your good.

We are not only in this Athens. In the city station, in a history full of struggles and betrayals of the people. But also in a square whose two names symbolize the permanent struggle in the heart of our city, between hope and despair, between light and darkness. Kotsias Square is the square most of us know, a surname that refers to the mayor and later minister of the fascist dictatorship of the Wednesday of August. National Resistance Square is written on the kiosks today. A national resistance against everything that the pro-Muslim Anti-Communist Kotzias stood for. A square, a city, a long tradition of difficult but necessary and necessary struggles. To this tradition of struggles in this city of Athens, you too, especially the youth of today, come to add your own little stone. Let us all celebrate a renaissance together.

Because fellow travellers, comrades, friends, don't make the mistake of thinking that what we are experiencing here tonight is just an election rally. We are not here just to celebrate our certain consolidation in Parliament, absolutely certain, but that is not why we are here, no. We're here for something bigger, more beautiful. We are here to celebrate the emergence of the new great militant left that will leave everyone with their mouths hanging open. After this Sunday's election. And especially after the July runoff election.

When the memorandum arc. They will get over the transitions between their intra-family disputes and form another memorandum government, which of course will bring the new measures imposed by the Troika. That's how it is. They know it. What do you think Mr Katrougalos' crime was? He blurted out what all the Memorandumists know but which they keep a secret during the election campaign. What is the secret? That either with New Democracy or with Syriza, or with a combination of New Democracy, PASOK and Syriza, measures are coming. It could not be otherwise, the state, the social security funds and the private sector are sinking deeper and deeper into the black hole of bankruptcy that began in 2009-2010. This is the fate of any government that honours and accepts the memorandum framework.

We neither honour it nor accept it. This is what we do. We move forward for a disobedient, disobedient, selfless Left. We don't honor the memorandum framework we don't accept it so it's nice tonight because it's a beautiful thing to participate in a historic moment. Why historic? Because here today, friends, comrades, compañeros, fellow travellers, at last, the new that for so many years refused to be born after the death of the old is finally beginning to be born.

And this new one. What is being born is none other than the disobedient disobedient disobedient big left that is now emerging little by little but rapidly, especially among the youth who embrace the Day 25 Alliance for Rupture and are inspired by our well-crafted technocratically sound and politically subversive government program. A program. A program that we have been building patiently, carefully, scientifically before Day 25 was even founded, from the heroic rings of Diem 25, shortly after the referendum. I look around me and recognize the old ranks of Day 25, you who were with us, in Santarosa Square. Do you remember? July 2019. We were fewer and fewer then. We were anxious to put our people's magnificent NO back in Parliament. We were united by our refusal to sit on the couch and curse the darkness. And so with our swallow in front of us on that Sunday, July 7, 2019, we managed to light a candle. We managed to put the no vote in Parliament for the first time since the summer of 2015. For the first time, we broke the darkness with rays of light subtle but irresistible.

And that candle that entered the House became a candle with the toil of a handful of our MPs who sweated the jersey of no by submitting a disproportionate number of technically sound, politically radical legislative proposals, amendments, questions, interpellations. A parliamentary project which, if you look at it without knowing how many Members and women Members of Parliament created it, you would think that we had 50, 60, 80 Members.

Today, tonight, here in Greece. That candle becomes a candle, because we worked hard, because we never asked for a commission. And you know what else? You know. Because we didn't want to be alone within the walls of our so-called higher political morality. The candle that we turned into a candle and today becomes a candle is because we opened the doors, the arms, the souls of Day 25 to non-members of the left, to movements of new feminism, new trade unionism, radical ecology in youth organizations like ARAS, like children from other organizations who joined together with Day 25 youth. Of course. Of course, I see you here now, the new line, the comrades of Popular Unity, a convergence. A convergence that makes me feel that it is worth living this moment with you.

Do you know who's there? Do you know who is the worst of the EU and the IMF? The local oligarchy, always the domestic front has been the most difficult. Where do we have it? The debt of disobedience.

I spoke before about the convergence with Popular Unity and with the other fellow travellers or comrades from all the movements who are with us tonight. It points the way to an even greater and even more effective unity of the Left. It demonstrates what the unity of the Left requires in practice. It requires on the one hand that you have not sold out for a chair, that you have not become compromised. And on the other hand, it demands that you overcome bitterness and selfishness by focusing away from yourself. This is the cornerstone of the Day 25 Alliance for Rupture and believe me. It is a solid foundation, a foundation capable of lifting up the new great left we are all building together. With this election? Yes, it is but a beautiful stop on a beautiful journey. An electoral result on Sunday night that will strengthen our momentum before that momentum is ejected by spreading hope again to our comrades trapped in memorandum parties.

Three things, three factors ensure this dynamic. First, we are not asking for an assignment. We are not asking for delegation. Secondly, our coherent programme. Third, our modern internationalist ecological discourse. Our analysis of the impact of digital technologies. Of cloud capital, as I call cloud capital, of artificial intelligence on social relations within a capitalism that is transforming every day into something even worse, a new kind of digital feudalism, a techno-feudalism.

Two words because we reject the idea of delegation, the delegation that asks their voters to be clear to parties that were once associated with the Left, PASOK and SYRIZA. Instead of the reactionary delegation, we bring forth the vision of a united front of movements, of party organizations that will wrest power to give it back to those who have no power. On their own lives. And having no power, the result is that they fall victim to ever more brutal exploitation. The Day 25 Alliance for Rupture is not telling people to vote for us to save you. We are not saying to the world I am not to the students in the youth movements, the workers in the ecology movements line up behind us so that we can realize your dreams on your behalf, so that your struggles can be justified. No. The Day 25 Alliance for Rupture asks you. What can we do for you? How can we empower you without hating your struggles? What education do you want? How do we promote collective bargaining in the sectors you work in? What do you want us to bring to the parliament where we only enter to be your voice.

Yes, friends. Fellow travellers, comrades, we do not claim the vanguard. We are here to strengthen those of you who are claiming, planning, participating, you have already broken the shackles of the privatization of dreams, fears, joy and sorrow. Yes, we are tabling proposed laws for everything.
But this, parliamentary work is not based on the illusion that our proposals will be implemented because they are good ideas that they will be implemented by the system, they will say that the system what good ideas they will implement. No. These legislative proposals. Like Odysseus on red loans, the Demetra system that will break the banking monopoly on digital transactions, the recovery of democratic sovereignty over tax offices, public property, energy.

These proposals for laws are put forward by us to show the citizens out there, the citizens who have lost confidence in politics in general, not only in the Left, that there are alternatives even within this rotten, dismal half-capitalist half-feudal system. Because how else are we going to pull them off the couch by abstaining? How else do we get them out of the self-fulfilling expectation that there is no alternative? How else do we convince them? That Manos Hadjidakis' otherwise moving song is wrong when it closes with the verse with the phrase good night Kemal, this world will never change. How else can we convey to them the hope that this world is already beginning to change, that it can change radically overnight from one moment to the next, that where everything seems futile, absolutely futile, suddenly the many, the masses of people, out there who had surrendered to pessimism, cynicism, self-indulgence, suddenly realise in the blink of an eye that it can all be different.

Do you know why they hate the NO vote in the referendum? Because it was at such a moment that the frustrated masses suddenly felt that yes, they have power, they felt strong, they felt strong, strong in unity, it was those heroic days, just before the referendum. The referendum that sent panic through the oligarchy, the oligarchy that felt the ground crunching under its feet, precisely because the human masses stopped being afraid, they felt the power of unity, the greatness of saying no to brutal blackmailers. And when these liberated people went to the referendum ballot boxes and cast their no vote, these human masses suddenly transformed into pure smiling faces. Faces that put aside fear that overcame terror and for the first time in Greek history voted along class lines. They voted ignoring the parties and the system of power. That night we saw, if only for a few hours, we saw in practice what Aristotle defined as the Athenian Republic. Which is what? The power of the majority of the demos, who by definition are the poorest. For a few hours. For a few hours the poor declared their interest.

Until Mr Tsipras overthrows the people by saying yes to their no. Just before those hours of freedom we felt that night before the capitulation, the people had been unleashed from the bourgeois system that imposes the priorities of the very few as the only alternative. Since then, having seen the devil with its own eyes, the establishment has done everything to demonise the referendum. To assassinate the character of those of us who still honour it. They have felt the issue tilting and falling off their heads. To lose the power they had over the many to have that power evaporate. It was a nightmare for them. When they say they had a saint then, in July 2015, I get it. Of course they did not have a holy saint. Alexis they had. But that's another story.

Before the July 2019 elections, they thought that nightmare was irrevocably over. Until July. Until July 2009, when Day 25 revived the no vote by putting it back in the House. And what didn't they say? Diaton star is gone, gone, gone, never to be in the House. Isn't that what they said? What they didn't do to keep us from getting back into the House to extinguish that candle of hope that lit the day 25 in the House. They foresaw our disappearance, they worked diligently to cause imperatives in our parliamentary team, which in the end did us enormous good because we got rid of uncivilized people who had come with us for the offices, not the people.

Let's go to today. Today, the self-proclaimed owners of Greece, so they consider themselves, Alafoussians at the same time, understand the danger that the Day 25 Alliance for Rupture poses to their power. They know that unlike SYRIZA, which they have long since integrated, we are not going to be integrated. It is not in our nature, it is not in our DNA. They see and are horrified at the potential of our project, in you, in your faces. They understand that what we are doing here is only the first step in the creation of the new great Greek disobedient, selfless, disobedient Left that we lived with our comrades in France, in Britain, in Ireland, in Bulgaria, in Albania. By the way, yesterday our sister party in Albania, which has just been created, got 4.78% in the municipal elections in Tirana.

So they see a left that is firmly oriented with their spearhead. The immediately implementable 100-day government program to protect the many.
To which we refer. In the medium term. Not long-term, medium-term to social transformation, transformation that will bring about the self-managed decentralized decentralized ecological, feminist socialism of the future. This is the stakes the day after tomorrow, Sunday 21 May. Nothing less, nothing more than the ostracism of the worst conqueror, the acceptance that on this soil there is no decent future. He is the worst enemy. This admission that the only alternative to Mitsotacism is a capitulated, irresponsible, obedient ex-left. That is the enemy.

Do you know well who is the greatest ally of the oligarchy? Those who talk about progressive governance. At the same time that they are renouncing the rupture. At the very moment when they renounce their past, calling it a dangerous illusion. Because words are badly abused in every election period, especially this one, let me remind you what the word progress means to us on the Left. Have we forgotten it? For the Left, humanity, the country, society progresses when power passes from the few to the many. When economic power goes from the few to the many. Not just benefits in the context of charity or vote buying, transfer of economic power from the few to the many. That's what progress means.

Exactly. No bosses. No bosses and no bureaucrats. To put it another way, a progressive government must come by definition to be progressive in its break with the oligarchy, otherwise it is by definition pro-oligarchy. Which means a progressive in government needs two things. First, a minimum common program of rupture that, to be worked out, must be forged together. It takes months many cannot be done Monday to Wednesday. Second, a progressive coalition government needs something else. What we are building here. A common front on the basis of the parties, the parties that will constitute the progressive, supposedly in government a front that will support them in the difficult moments of the conflict with the oligarchy, a front that takes time and work to build, a front like the one we are building here today in National Resistance Square, and not Kotzias.

We do not play the monopoly of purity, wisdom and insight. For 2 years now, with a very heavy heart, I must confess, we have been suggesting to the same leadership, even of SYRIZA, that we sit down to discuss how they mean progressive governance a coalition government. But two years on, what do they tell us? Let's first see if you get into parliament.
And when they later and recently realised that not only will we get into Parliament, but we will get into Parliament strengthened, they turned it around to come after election Sunday. These responses mean one thing, they want neither a minimum common program of break with the oligarchy nor a common front to support a government of break with the oligarchy and the reason is simple. The SYRIZA leadership has long chosen not to make any break with any oligarchy. I heard Mr Tsipras say that Mr Varoufakis, he says, has recused himself from the call of the progressive forces, no, Mr Tsipras. The Day 25 Alliance for Rupture has disassociated itself from the distribution of ministries that you are organising, Mr Tsipras, to those who accept to co-govern at the mercy of the oligarchy, with credentials in the oligarchy and with a progressive facade. That is all we need, Mr Tsipras, to accept what we are being asked to commit ourselves to our voters, to these young people. Imagine now if it is possible to commit ourselves to these young people, so that we will make cuts and breaks to get their vote, so that we can get their vote and then make Mr Tsipras Prime Minister, so that the cuts and breaks that we committed ourselves to never happen. If we did that, we would have no reason to exist, not only politically. Biological. We would nullify our raison d'être, which is none other than the return of the leftist ethic of telling the truth because the truth is liberating, not hiding it to extract some office.

In conclusion, the leadership of the so-called progressive parties is asking us for the votes they lack in order to rule for the wolf. We will not have them. Period. And to end with the leadership of Syriza who are in a panic mode, it's clear. They wonder why Mr. Tsipras and the whole bunch are not pulling SYRIZA. We suggest that they should think that maybe it is because of the image, we saw it on the screen, of Mr Latsis publicly thanking them for giving him the Greek land for development. Why can't they get it through their heads that this is one reason why you guys are not pulling out? Could it be the other picture? Mr. Pyatt, who was the United States ambassador here in Athens, thanking Mr. Tsipras for pointing out Alexandroupolis as the new military base of the United States from which they are adding fuel to the fire on the fields of the endless inhuman battles in Ukraine.

Perhaps they will think that it might be because they are not committed to abolishing the energy exchange, which they brought, the vulgar Hercules with the digital platforms, which they brought, the prepayments of taxes for small and medium-sized enterprises, which they brought, the Hyperfund that they brought, all those things that are killing the viability of the country and symbolize the greatest capitulation of the so-called radical left, I would say in the world, in the history of history. So let all the memorizers take note. All the mnemonics who have made their peace with the oligarchy without borders. The Day 25 Alliance for Rupture exists because we firmly believe that without a break with their iron-clad mnemonic framework, which New Democracy PASOK and SYRIZA dare not challenge, Greece will continue to send its children away to embitter its elders, day by day turning into a vast tourist resort into a paradise for money laundering, real estate, with our people excluded from the beauties of their homeland, paying a gratiotsi and for everything facing the horrible dilemma of either choosing immigration or a life as servants and entertainers of rich foreigners. 

That's why the rupture is needed. So. For us, rupture in practice means one thing. Without prior negotiation with anyone. We will legislate our 100-day government program. We are legislating the creation of a public red-loan management company we call Odysseus, which we will replace Hercules with. It's the only way to truly protect the basic anti-housing shop and farmland. Anyone who pretends protection without abolishing Hercules is making a mockery of our people. No bankers and no funds, folks, right? Because the bankers gave it to their own funds.

Secondly, we are legislating a cap on the retail price of electricity that will not exceed by 5% the average cost of production and distribution. This constitutes a de facto abolition of the energy exchange. This on the first day, on the second day we are launching the re-establishment of a single PPP, which will be different from the old one.
How? It will not be accountable to the minister, the minister will not appoint the management of the new Unified Public Power Corporation. It will be accountable to an advisory council consisting of a majority of conscripts and a minority of party-appointed experts and citizens. This means socialisation.

We are legislating the abolition of the colonial superfund. We are taking public property out of this vile Super Fund, because we are transferring to the twin public banks, the new Development Bank and the new Agricultural Bank as their new capital base.

We are implementing the plan to relieve small and medium-sized enterprises from the tax burden of the Troika. Specifically, with regard to VAT, the 24% rate goes to 15%, 13% to 6% and all basic living expenses to 0%. At the same time as we are abolishing all tax prepayments for small and medium-sized enterprises. At the same time that the tax rate for small businesses, 1-10 employees, goes to 10%. 11-500 employees, medium sized businesses, goes to 20%. And, over 500, what is it? Supermarkets, OPAP, banks, and the evil cabal. It goes to 30%, that makes sense.

We legislate the abolition of hired labour for all sectors. And we introduce collective agreements in every sector.

We abolish the golden visa immediately. No more golden visa. You won't get a Schengen visa because you bought some apartments and put them on AirBnB. We are drastically restricting, at the same time, AirBnB, all these short-term rental platforms that push rents sky high that make it impossible for our people students, doctors, nurses, teachers, professors to find a place to rent. Yes, you will be able to rent your house through AirBnB or similar platforms, but for a maximum of 60 days a year and not consecutive days. Two separate months, May and September to make some pocket money. But you won't be able to de-facto withdraw our country's apartments and ship them overseas, because that's what AirBnB is.

Finally, all rent subsidies. All the mortgage subsidies, because all they do? They add to the national debt every time they subsidize rents or mortgages, they add to the national debt. So and all they achieve is to increase rents and house prices, so that people can't buy and with the subsidy they can't rent and establish a social housing agency so that 500,000 social homes can be built that are not given away. But in which, with social criteria and very low rent, our fellow citizens who have reason to need will live as long as they want and as long as they need.

Friends, friends, we are the only party that says no mining anywhere and we abolish every mining contract. Why? Because dependence on new sources of fossil fuels. It shields the oligarchs. It rewards the lenders. It poisons the soil, the water, the seas, the beauty of this country, of the entire Mediterranean, turning our space, our nature into a sad cross structure of black oil tanker pipelines. The oligarchs do not care. They will have the wealth to buy villas in places still clean. They will filter their water and build fences to keep the victims of poverty, climate and environmental destruction at bay. To put it simply, mining is deeply classist. It is a raid on the environment. And climate disaster is also a form of insidious international class warfare.

Therefore, we are planning the country's productive restructuring and green industrial revolution on the following basis, focusing on the domestic production of green technologies in areas affected by deindustrialization. Example in the industrial region of Patras, high-tech battery manufacturing factories. In Megalopolis, Volos and Ptolemaida, the manufacture of marine aluminium wind turbines. While we allow and plan, in the arc of Northern Greece, Macedonia and Thrace, from Thessaloniki to Alexandroupolis, to become a centre for the production and distribution of green hydrogen, which is the diesel of the future.

We are establishing new agricultural cooperatives with emphasis, with emphasis on quality, with emphasis on indigenous seed banks, instead of the sterile, hybrid seeds of the Bayer Monsanto, with the aim of simultaneously reducing quantities and dramatically increasing qualities, so that Greek products in Paris, Berlin, London are sold three times more expensive than their Moroccan counterparts in Spain.

We are introducing an institutional framework for new cooperative self-managed manufacturing companies on the model of the pioneering militant VIOME, with the difference, with the difference that the state will not be a bully trying to strangle them as it does with VIOME, but will be their helper.

Within four years, we double spending, we double spending on public education and the National Health System within four years. While at the same time shrinking private spending on para-education and private clinics. Some will say wait a minute and the money? How do you think we're going to pay for education and health care? Total 11. How much have we promised the predatory funds as minimum profits for the Cayman Islanders? 23. How much do you think Greeks, poor people, spend on private health care? Around 10. Ten. 10 billion and another 2 billion they give to the bankers for the graft. How much does the Greek government give to the NHS?  Five and a half. Don't tell me if there is... The question is how the pie is distributed. That has always been the question.

When they see it, education, health, water, does he know what they see? Commodities. We have to stop them. From turning them into commodities.

Finally, we are legislating the Dimitra system, the future of digital transactions that protects consumers, businesses in society from up to 2000 million euros in fees. That's the 2 billion, huh? I don't remember, it's a lot of zeros. The Demeter which at the same time will offer significant interest to depositors in the form of tax rebates. It will offer our state the possibility of cheaper internal borrowing which reduces the social cost of a banking crisis. It increases our society's defences against possible new blackmail by the European Central Bank, the flagship of the Troika. This is the Day 25 Alliance for Rupture's immediately implementable 100-day moderate program and a clarification.
Why do we call it a rupture programme? Because of realism. We have no appetite to make a break with anyone. We just want to legislate the obvious, the necessary. The necessary, so that you young people and young women can have. A decent future in your country in our country. But we are confident and we don't mince words. The Memorandum arc inside and outside Greece will mark these self-evident things as a rupture. And along with the European Central Bank ally will begin the threats of how a rupture will occur. So you see that we are not populist. We say clearly: freedom requires virtue, courage and a willingness to break. And you know this. Otherwise, you would not be here tonight, after all.

But you see, our people are not used to parties that are not afraid to talk to them so openly 2 days before your elections and talk to them about the cost of tears, blood, sweat, all the things that freedom requires. But that's the way we at Day 25 for the Alliance for the Rising are saying what we believe and believing what we say. Before Election Sunday. And after election Sunday. Both the first election and the second and the third and the fourth.

I think I'll leave you with two messages for tonight. One message to those who call us the mound of his system, you've heard it, so. Because it says we propose immediately workable solutions to the problems of the people, but we want to operate within capitalism. To those who accuse us that we are only interested in civilizing capitalism, in building a better capitalism, I have a message for them. First of all, it is as accurate as the obscene lie that we voted for memoranda. So let me be clear, we do not mince words. Capitalism is not being civilised. Just as the circle is not squared, capitalism is not civilised. Lately, in fact, capitalism has had to say it before in modern forms of digital feudalism, proving how right, how relevant Rosa Luxemburg remains when she said that humanity. Will have to choose between socialism and barbarism. There is no third way. Socialism or barbarism?

But. These people have proven that when there are parties like ours that give them hope, they don't bow their heads. It has shown how brave it is when there is perspective. I was talking before about socialism and barbarism. But to avoid barbarism, it is not enough to invoke the idea of socialism, which in the minds of the majority, unfortunately, because of the mistakes of the Left, and this is self-criticism, this concept of socialism, of communism, has been tarnished. What is required is what we are doing. To demonstrate what could be done even today. First before the earthquake comes, the second presence. And of course to envision. Always referring in scientific detail to a self-managed participatory economically rational socialism that democratizes the economic sphere, a socialism worth bleeding and sacrificing to build.

That was one message. Now I have another message to the others who are telling us and will be telling you from today until Sunday morning and perhaps in the evening and beyond. Come on you guys, put your backs into getting Mitsotakis out and then we'll make up, we'll answer them live and breathe, to dismantle Mitsotakis SA. But we are left-wing people, you guys, is it enough for a man to leave for socialism to come, for exploitation to stop, for plunder to stop? In what country in the world has something wonderful like this happened, to get rid of one man and everything will be done as it should be? We want to get rid of not only Mitsotakis. But with the existing machotacism, this unholy alliance. Be careful, machotacism is not just right-wing. It is something worse. It's an unholy alliance of far-right centrists who have never been a cartel to love. And far-rightists who believe that the security of the country requires drowning migrants in the Aegean. That's what existent machoctacism is.

By the way, did you notice, did your antennae, your antennae catch the York Times article today along with the video? Proving once again the crimes against refugees by Mitsotakis SA, always with the cover-up of the European Union. Did you see in this video the horrific images, April 11th, now recently? 12 of our fellow human beings, some of them children, young children 3, 4, 5 years old, being taken in a Coast Guard van to a deserted beach, a beach on Lesvos. Before being forcibly taken to a boat, which then took them to a Coast Guard vessel, which then abandoned them in the middle of the Aegean Sea, in flagrant violation of international law, the international law that all governments invoke against Turkey. We did not make this up. The conservative New York Times made it up.

Just as they had done before, so now with the news that Alafouzos, Marinakis, Vardinoyannis and the evil cabal are trafficking Putin's oil. A truth that when Kleonas told it from the floor of parliament he was sued by Alafouzos. And what's the best part? Which is the most imaginative? It's this, Alafoozos sues Cleonas for carrying Putin's oil and Alafoozos' channel, SKI, doesn't mention it. Such news of megaton proportions. You have the head of SKAI suing a parliamentary representative of a parliamentary party and I don't mention it, it's not news for this channel or for the other channels of other friends and enemies of Mr. Marinakis.

As for SYRIZA, what can it say about what it has become? Supporting the Evros fence and arguing with Mitsotakis about whether we should pay for it with national funds or with European funds. That is what they have come to; that is the last step in the hell of unreliability of a party that some of us were already in.

Here for a disobedient, disobedient Left. Look, this must be perhaps the first and last time that what I say is heard on the air. Because of ERT, which has no choice by election law but to allow me to deliver these truths to the world watching. No, it's playing live now, they didn't get away with it. This time I heard it yes.

So you saw who we really want to uproot Mitsotakis SA. us. It is not enough for us, of course, for Kyriakos and his company to leave Maximou so that we can say in these sad rooms as some people desire. We demand not only that Mitsotakis leave, but that we get rid of the shareholders of the eponymous.
The oligarchs. Who you know now care, they don't mind changing the name of the SA, call it something else. They'd be happy to accept another CEO, let Mitsotakis go and someone else come in. The only thing they would care about would be a real progressive government that doesn't continue to implement the oligarchic policies that line their pockets. Which pockets are theirs now? Their pockets don't fit, Cayman Islanders don't fit, digital money doesn't fit in there either. So to get rid of not only Mitsotakis, but also existing Mitsotacism, requires a break with the Memorandum arc, not a change within the Memorandum arc. It is the debt of disobedience. The only debt we have. It is the debt of disobedience. The only debt we have is the debt of disobedience. We do not obey the orders of the oligarchy.

Let me add the following. The intra-memorandum rotation, one leaving the other without changing the memorandum framework, as they say they will not change it, is a guarantee of the perpetuation of Mitsotakism under another name in the post-Mitsotakis era. My friends, fellow comrades the things are simple. As I said before, our goal in these elections, as in the next ones, is an electoral result that, on the basis of our coherent well-worked and directly implementable governmental program, will launch the emergence of the new great militant left of the youth, which will soon, in the name of the youth, claim power in order to give it to the majority, to the many, to those who are plundered by the oligarchy and big capital. Plundered with the help of the three memorandum parties that invoke ideologies, liberalism one, democracy the other, Left Marxism the third. Ideologies which they have long ago trivialised. Nothing less will suffice. No axiom distracts us from this goal. No siren will distract us. We move forward. The peaceful revolt against the extinguishing of the light that began tentatively four years ago with the entry of Day 25 into Parliament, two days after that rally in Santarosa Square. Today, with Mera 25 Alliance for Rixi, here in the square opposite the Athens City Hall, it is in full growth and tomorrow the new great Left that the country needs will be born.

I want to leave you. With a phrase that caught my ear. In 2011. In Syntagma Square, just before the dispersal of the indignados with that chemical warfare of the police. I remember a young protester, I never got her name, saying to a PASOK MP, who was pushing the protesters to get into the parliament, gasping to vote for memoranda, throwing her a who are you, baby, to stop me from voting for this? Then the young protester calmly sober, almost serene, tells him who should I be? Drawing strength from the sober strength of the sober fighter, having all together overcome the lamentation of the defeat of 2015, looking ahead to the new upheaval we are launching, as I said last night in Thessaloniki, our political revolution, comrades, comrades, comrades-in-arms, friends, our political revolution today refuses to borrow its poetry from the past, only from the future. And so we find the strength to shout first break, everything can be otherwise we move forward.