Thank you for the warm welcome. Friends, Young Democrats of Salamina in the Piraeus Constituency B, I am here today, Madam President and Mr. Mayor, to express my gratitude to each and every one of you for the tremendous electoral success we achieved in Salamina. I wonder how many people could have predicted before the elections that we would increase our percentage by 8 points and reach almost 50% here in Salamina. I also wonder how many people would have been willing to bet before the elections that we would make a big turnaround and bring New Democracy into first place by a wide margin in the whole of the second district of Piraeus. Yet, we were able to achieve this impressive result, friends, because the citizens of Salamina and the electoral district of Piraeus II rewarded the important work that our government has done during these four years. They rewarded the return to growth, the solid policy on national issues, and the language of truth and pragmatism. They rejected division, toxicity, cynicism, and a return to the past. The ballot box of May 21 sent a message of hope, optimism, and unity.

At the same time, however, the ballot box of May 21 sent a great message of responsibility to all of us, friends. The citizens have once again placed their trust in New Democracy, and we have achieved something that our party has never achieved before: to increase our percentages and the absolute number of votes from election to election while being in government. We had never achieved that since 1974. This is the first time we have achieved it. But why are we here today? Why are we having another election rally in the summer? For the simple reason that there is one more ballot box. We haven't finished the job. If the May 21 elections had been held under the electoral system that will be in place for the June 25 ballot, the country would already have a stable and strong government today. This is what the Greek people have chosen.

The only reason we don't have it is precisely because some people chose, through the whim of simple proportional representation, to force the country into another election. But so be it. Never mind. We have one more chance, at the ballot box on June 25th, to send an even louder message and, why not, in Salamina, to reach 50%. That is the goal we must set. Why? Because nothing is over, because we who are now experienced in politics know that every election starts from the beginning. We know well, and you know well, that the ballot boxes on the morning of June 25th will be empty, they will have to be refilled. They will be filled with many New Democracy ballots, and when we count them on election night, there will be one big winner: New Democracy, which will guarantee the country's stable course of prosperity for the second four-year term.

But, friends, if we want to increase our percentages even more - and this is possible - we need to focus on the future in the last 10 days before the elections. We should talk about what we want to do in the next four years, our plan for an economy that will grow, better wages, and more jobs. We should also discuss how we will further support local government, especially with George Patoulis' presence. The Municipality of Salamina was the first to go bankrupt, and without government support, it would not have been able to recover financially. We should remember this because we are close to local government, and we know that small local problems must be solved with the help of the state by municipalities and regional governors.

But the next day, my friends, is a day on which our country must continue on the path to prosperity. You know that one of my central commitments is very specific: the next four years will be a period of better wages for every Greek. They ask us, "How will you achieve better wages?" I say to them, let's see what we have achieved in the last four years. I was looking at the ERGANIS figures and we went from an average salary of 1,050 euros to an average salary of 1,200 euros in four years. We will reach an average salary in our country of 1,500 euros and a minimum wage of 950 euros. With more investment, more jobs, and employers who will be prepared to pay better wages because they will be looking for skilled staff, as is the case, for example, in Perama, on the other side of the passage. I went there before the elections and saw the shipbuilding zone bustling with life again, with happy workers who are getting good wages and, at last, looking to the future with optimism. The same thing happened in Elefsina, the same thing is happening in Skaramagas, and the same thing is happening here in Salamina.

As we are in Salamis, which is home to the largest naval station in the country, I want you to know that the three Belharra frigates, which are being built in French shipyards and will significantly strengthen our fleet, will find their place here in Salamis at the end of 2025. They will be located here in Salamina. Be aware, all of you, that the policy of strengthening the Armed Forces will continue. It will be continued by this government because a strong country, a confident country, must be able to defend its sovereignty and its sovereign rights. And in order to be able to play our role as a factor of stability in the Eastern Mediterranean, my commitment and that of the government of the New Democracy is that the Armed Forces will continue to be strengthened from the surplus of the Greek taxpayer. Because that is what we must do when we are in a difficult neighborhood, with an intrusive and defiant neighbor.

So, my friends, the next four years will be the years in which the country can truly make a big leap and face many difficulties and pathologies from the past. I know that we have not yet solved all the problems, including the persistent issue of food accuracy. However, this issue cannot be solved solely by Market Pass type aid. It must primarily be addressed through better wages and further tax cuts to support the disposable income of all Greek women and men. We aim to support the Greek family first and foremost by abolishing the tax on businesses over a four-year period and increasing the tax-free allowance for every child.

The country is currently facing a long-standing problem which is tending to become a crisis, and that is the demographic problem. We will support the Greek family and especially the working mother, so that she can more easily have children, but at the same time, she can combine the responsibilities of raising children with the fathers, who must also play an increasingly important role, along with the possibility of having a professional career and more women entering the labor market. We will support the Greek family and especially the working mother, so that she can have children more easily, but at the same time, she can combine the responsibilities of raising children with the fathers, who must also play an increasingly important role, along with the possibility of having a professional career and more women entering the labor market.

At the same time, I will say a word to the grandparents. First of all, I want to talk about pensioners - because this is something I hear everywhere: the bill for the Katrougalos law was sent to the person who voted for it. Our obligation is to continue increasing pensions. With the New Democracy government, you can expect good annual increases in pensions. And for those who were affected by the personal differential, we will continue to support you until it is eliminated.

And one word, friends, because it is something that I hear all the time, about the second big priority for the next four years, which is to support the National Health System. You know that in the four years that we have been in government, we have managed many crises, perhaps the most difficult one was the pandemic crisis. The National Health System managed to stand up, but at the same time, because our priority was to deal with the pandemic, some of the important reforms that we had to implement inevitably fell behind. That is why the second four years will be a four-year period in which the National Health System will change its face. We will recruit 10,000 doctors and nurses over a four-year horizon. We are reforming the emergency departments of our hospitals. We are rebuilding from scratch almost all of the country's health centers; we are further supporting the institution of the Personal Doctor, which is taking its first steps for the first time so that we can have primary care before our fellow citizens have to go to the hospital.

And, of course, we place a lot of emphasis on screening. For all the women who are with us, especially those over 50, you now know that for the first time, you have received a message from the Greek state about the possibility of free mammography in a public or private facility. Watch out for free mammography in a public or private facility. So far, we have identified almost 8,000 cases of breast cancer - these women did not know about it - at an early stage, with a very good chance of a complete cure. This is public health policy in practice. And because there has been a lot of fuss lately about cancer treatment issues - I think in our families, we have all gone through the great ordeal of having a relative with cancer - I just want to say two things. This government has implemented a very important program that has already started and is running, called "OIKOTHEN". What is the FAMILY program? To allow a cancer patient to have the opportunity to receive their treatment, their chemotherapy, at home. Rather than running to the "Metaxas" or "Tzaneio" Hospital, the doctor will come, and the nurse at home will administer the treatment. It is a great breakthrough for our fellow cancer patients.

And of course, let me repeat once again my commitment: there is no way that any cancer patient in our country who, if their doctor thinks so, cannot have access to the best possible treatment that science offers, free of charge. To put an end to all these false rumors about the supposed privatization of the National Health System and various other nonsense that I hear today from the desperate opposition, we will support the National Health System, the public and free healthcare system, and where necessary - please note, because this can also be done, it is already being done today, as we speak - this cooperation with the private sector will never be to the detriment of the insured. Services will be provided free of charge, whether we are talking about the National Health System or about services that the private sector can also provide in addition to the National Health System.

So, friends, all of this is what we need to talk about in the last 10 days before the elections. We need to explain why it is so important to have a secure and stable majority for New Democracy in the ballot box. I don't think anyone would want us to be in the uncomfortable position of either having a marginal majority after the next ballot box or being in the 148-149 MPs. And in that case, watch out for the other opposition parties, especially PASOK. What are they telling us? "You can have 149 MPs, I'm not interested in governing, I don't want to take on this responsibility, I'm staying in opposition." So we say to them, "Well, you'll do very well, except that citizens vote for government and not for opposition." Today, the only responsible force that is prepared to take over the governance of the country with a plan is New Democracy. All the others are competing over who will have the penthouse in the center-left block of flats.

That is why we want a stable majority, so that we can proceed with significant changes. For instance, we can implement evaluations in the civil service, which are crucial for providing citizens with quality services and rewarding competent civil servants - of which there are many. Therefore, the country requires a stable majority to avoid further risks and to start working diligently from June 26th, improving the lives of each and every one of you.

This was the major message of the May 21st elections. A government that emphasized efficiency was rewarded. They understood that citizens' problems have no color, and in our cooperation with local government, we never looked at how mayors voted. Any mayor who needed the support of the state received it because we know that we have to be helpful to local government. After all, problems do not have a color.

And for the next day, I can guarantee you one thing: if the citizens trust me again, I will be the Prime Minister of all Greeks, and my duty is to unite Greek society once again. We have never invested in division; we have only invested in unity. We want the country to progress as a whole, and the country will progress as a whole with a stable government of New Democracy, more experienced, more ready now to face the great challenges. You can be sure and confident that for Salamina and for the constituency of Piraeus II as a whole, and for all of Greece - and I believe what I am saying - the best days are ahead of us.

We are at the beginning of a very positive cycle for our country, a cycle of prosperity. But I stress, prosperity with less inequality. A cycle in which the state will be able to return the wealth that the economy creates back to society with quality health, education, and security services, which is what you expect from the state. With a state that will be there for you in every difficulty and will support the weakest.

Let me conclude my presence here in Salamina today with a heartwarming story that demonstrates our genuine concern for our vulnerable fellow citizens - those whom the Greek state has neglected for far too long. This story exemplifies who the true progressives are in our country. You may have come across a video featuring my friend, the star Kostas, who was in Piraeus, just across the street from here. Thanks to the efforts of some compassionate individuals, Kostas was able to secure a home and a job. This is the ultimate testament to New Democracy's commitment to supporting our most vulnerable citizens, helping them get back on their feet after a fall.

Because do not forget one thing: we, the party of Constantine Karamanlis, are the broad popular party that sees beyond colors and labels and unites all Greeks on the road to progress. Steadily and boldly, we are going for another great victory and we will win the bet here in Salamina to achieve even better percentages. Be well, thank you very much, good strength, good fight, and may we be victorious again. For the sake of Greece, we will write our own history together. Be well, thank you very much.