But what does trust mean for PASOK? Trust means that every Greek citizen feels secure with his family, with his efforts, with his children. In Tempe, everyone said that this is what it was like to be so far, and they were right. 57 people lost their lives unjustly. At the same time, Mr Voridis and Mr Georgiades were saying that the transfer of the stationmaster in question was not illegal. The three-member committee appointed by Mitsotakis itself ruled that the transfer of the stationmaster was illegal. Did you see anyone apologize? Did you see anyone take political responsibility? And tell us whose New Democracy MP's party buffoonery was this illegal transfer? Or did SYRIZA and New Democracy apologize together, for signing in 2014 the contract to have telecoms €55 million, not even €1 from your taxes, all European funds, and after 9 years we had no telecoms? What happened because Mr Tsipras stopped talking about it? Because when we asked the Minister responsible, Mr Karamanlis, in Parliament. One simple thing. October 21, the independent transparency authority gave him a dossier that said exactly who was responsible for not implementing the telecommunications to avoid tragedy. And we asked him what did you do with that dossier? Did you take it to justice? The answer of Karamanlis, who today also adorns the ballot papers of New Democracy in Serres, despising the families, the pain, the tragedy that is collectively engraved in the memory of the Greek people was I did not know, he said, the existence of this report, that is what we deserve, not what we deserve a normal state that ensures security. Justice for all and not justice for all of us, but not for the cronies of Tsipras and Mitsotakis. We need another state and not the state that is a tool of bribery used by power systems to reproduce their power. We want to build this trust in the trust of the pure word of the concrete of the great reforms that finally make Greece a normal European state that respects every citizen, that honours the weak and supports the middle class.