Citizens of Volos, thank you for this great gathering, for this warm welcome.  Your presence here today in the port of Volos is a message, a decisive message, the most irrefutable message. Next Sunday it will be the people who will celebrate, not the cartels. The people will be celebrating and it will be a victory for democracy and not for the powerful. And I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for your presence today, because Volos, Magnesia is giving us another great, another impressive rally, which shows the way to victory next Sunday. Because we have no choice but to win. It is a matter of life. It is a question of dignity. It is a matter of our children's future.

Friends, citizens of Volos, our motto is justice everywhere. But this is our vision and our plan at the same time. And here in Volos one understands what the struggle for justice can mean. Volos is identified and Magnesia for the struggles for social justice. The first Labour Centre in the country was founded here in 1908. It was here that the historic tobacco workers' strike took place in 1909, which, despite the violent and bloody intervention of the gendarmerie, was victorious. It was here that the workers achieved better wages and shorter working hours through their struggles. In Magnesia, too, pages of heroism and sacrifice were written by the National Resistance. Again today here in Magnesia we will lead the struggle to bring justice back to our land.

And your presence here today proves it. On May 21, Magnesia will once again put SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance first at the polls and pave the way for the great victory. It will pave the way for change. But I want to tell you that what we keep saying these days is that this May 21 vote is a vote for our lives. And this slogan, this slogan for change, is not a slogan that we say to rehash the slogans of yesterday. It is not a slogan that is about yesterday and the past. But it is a slogan that is about what is in the hearts and souls of the citizens of this country.

Because what else do people want today, regardless of whether they voted for Syriza, or ND, even in the past? Regardless of whether they are left-wing, centrist, or even right-wing. What they are asking for is a big change in their lives. Change is what today's young people who work unpaid twelve-hour days want. The shopkeeper who's being hounded by the collection agencies. The retiree who struggles to give his grandchildren an allowance. The working mother who, with two trips to the supermarket to get the necessities for her child, sees her month's paycheck slip away.

The doctors and nurses who sacrificially keep our hospitals standing. The students who are currently studying to take the national exams, but who are afraid of falling into the grip of the minimum entrance requirements.

The farmers, the stockbreeders who are anxious whether they will be able to continue producing on their land, or whether they will leave the countryside.

So that's the feeling that everybody has. And especially, let's not forget this, 700,000 households who are worried that they might lose their homes in the auctions the next day.
So what are these people asking for? These people are asking for their lives to be changed. These people are asking for injustice to stop being the status quo in this country. This world is asking to have a chance to breathe, to live with dignity.

So we do not repeat the slogans of the past. But we want to put into practice the feeling, the desire, the expectation of today for thousands of Greeks, for the great majority of Greek citizens. And I am sure that these feelings and aspirations that I have described to you, as the days go by, will be translated into a political decision. A decision to vote.

This is as far as the vast majority of our people say. This is the end of arrogance, this is the end of indifference, this is the end of obscenity, this is the end of family rule, this is the end of the parastate, this is the end of injustice.
With your vote, the worst right-wing since the post-war era will be gone. It's up to you. It is up to the Greek people next Sunday to finally end not only, not just the right, but a regime. Because the regime that has ruled us for four years is a regime that has a very strong element of family rule. And this regime, I believe, is not tolerated even by the traditional South-West voters. The honest conservative voters.

So we say it's time to bring that change. I heard just before I came to talk to you on the news bulletin Mr Mitsotakis speaking today to some of his few friends in the centre of Kypseli, in Athens. And I heard him say "we have a big current". And I wonder how it is that this big current is only seen by Mr. Mitsotakis' courtiers and Mr. Mitsotakis himself and not seen by people in their daily lives? Where is this great current? Did none of you see it in the squares, in the workplaces, in the villages that you go to here in the Region. Did no one see it where the young people are in the places of entertainment? Where did you see this great stream? The only big, very big current is the PPC bills that come to every house, every household and have the stamp of Mr Mitsotakis.

So I wonder, my friends, what will we be told in a week's time by these courtiers to justify the unjustifiable. Those who today are forcibly trying to convince us of this Mitsotakis current. They will start again with the familiar analyses of how this happened. About how we went from the Mitsotakis current to underground currents that we did not realise and, paradoxically, these underground currents all point towards Syriza. A terrible thing in every election.
But I call on you, with your decisive vote next Sunday, to deprive them of these excuses. That they may not be able to talk about underground currents, but that they may testify to a great river, a great river, a mighty river of change, a river of victory that will come to seal the victory of democracy, the victory of the people next Sunday.
Their tricks to create a climate are well known. Their tricks are well known. Look, because even in these terrible polls where they find a terrible current, there is always a trick. The percentage of undecideds is much higher than the percentage of difference. They're holding their butts. They know what they're doing. So we are telling them that at the ballot box the Greek people will bring out, not demographically, but really their desire, their vision, their vision to turn this country around and, above all, to change our lives and our everyday life.

Mr Mitsotakis said one more thing today. He said, "We have fully implemented our programme". And I wonder what is this programme that they have implemented in full? These promises that they made during the election? Or the ones they implemented after the election? Do you remember what they said during the election? They said that they would support the middle class, but the middle class has ended up living on food stamps. With coupons at the supermarket. Coupons to pay for electricity. Coupons to go to the gas station.

So what is this programme that he has implemented in full? The staff state of the theft of public money? Roussefulness and partisanship? The abuse of the rule of law through wiretapping and cover-up? What does Mr Mitsotakis leave behind him after four years? 50 billion more public debt. 40 billion more private debt and half of Greece, 4,250,000 Greeks in debt. With bad debts to banks, to the tax authorities, to the social security funds.

It also leaves, as I said before, 700,000 households in fear of losing their home at auction the next day. It leaves behind 37,000 of our fellow citizens who perished during the pandemic. We had the worst rate, the worst number compared to our population in the whole western world.

It leaves behind a National Health System in disarray. An education system with fences, with thousands of young children out of university. With regional universities having dozens of schools closing.

It leaves behind a country that is the only one in Europe, according to the OECD, that from '19 to '21, this three-year period, had a decline in average nominal wages and a decline in average real wages in 2022.
It also leaves behind a working middle class, particularly for young people. Unpaid overtime and the abolition of the eight-hour week and the dismantling of the Labour Inspectorate so that workers have no backstop to enforce the law.

He also leaves behind 7 billion stolen from the pockets of pensioners by the abolition of the 13th pension, which he had promised to keep and broke his promise, as well as the retroactive payments which, despite the decision of the Council of State, he never gave.

It leaves behind the dismantling and selling off of every protection structure, resulting in generalised insecurity for citizens. Generalised insecurity, but also tragedies summed up in one word: Tempus. This tragic drama that we saw taking place a month and a half ago near your place. Why? Because they made sure that they had a party buffet and appointed an unqualified stationmaster to a critical position on the sole criterion that it was a South-West buffet. Why? Why didn't they restore the telecom station in Larissa? Why? Because they allowed the railway network to be devastated.

Today, just before I came to Volos, after the rally in Trikala, I had a special meeting with three tragic people. The parents of the three girls who went missing in Tempe and they met me to ask me one thing: Not to forget this tragedy and to find justice for their lost children. For the 57 lives that were lost unjustly.

And they wondered why, for a month now, the word "Tempe" has been a banned word in all media? Why is it that no media outlet is highlighting their protests and mobilizations? I wonder why nobody knows that tomorrow at 12 noon all these people will be in Serres under the offices of the Minister of Tempe, Mr. Karamanlis, to express their dissatisfaction with their decision to stand again as a candidate to be washed by the vote of the citizens for this crime and for the heavy responsibilities he has.

And our answer is yes, not only will we not forget, but we will do everything we can to get justice. Because "Justice Everywhere" means first and foremost justice for justice.
But what else has Mr Mitsotakis left behind during these four years? Inaccuracy, obscenity of billions, privatisation of the Public Electricity Company and the first steps for the privatisation of water.

And it certainly left some big profits. But not for the many. 15 companies listed on the Athens Stock Exchange with over a billion in profits each, a record profitability in the last 20 years. There he did indeed fully implement his program, because that was his real program. To make the rich richer, to make the powerful stronger, but the vast majority, the middle classes and the weak are in great difficulty.

They ask us to cost our programme, because they have everything costed. They had it all priced in 2009, when they left a 15% deficit and the country was driven into bankruptcy. They had it priced in 2015 when they left the funds empty and drove us deep into bankruptcy. And of course they have them very costed and tidy and in house. Only 400 million is owed to the banks by Mr. Mitsotakis' Southwestern party in loans and unsecured loans.

So no lessons for SYRIZA, which pulled the country out of the memoranda. So no lessons for SYRIZA that left 40 billion in the public coffers. No lessons for SYRIZA, which has rationalised public finances and does not owe a single euro to the banks.

Now I'll feel like the singer who sings a song underneath and I'll say. That's good though. Sharing thoughts, sharing thoughts. So you want me to tell you about German reparations.
Well, yes, these are the nationalists who rule us. The patriots. They are the patriots. So patriotic that when we did our patriotic duty, because that's what we did, to not have a Libya on our northern border that would be led by third countries and have Greek warplanes patrolling its airspace. When we did this task, we were told that it was treason. And what else were we told? That we swapped pensions, because they were tied to the fact that pensions would be cut, for Prespes. And when they became the government, they not only honoured the agreement, they honoured it to the hilt. The day before yesterday, Zaev sent a letter to Mitsotakis to thank him for how much of a friend he is and how much he honoured the agreement. They do not put these things out in public. That is the hypocrisy of the patriotic hypocrites. The hypocrisy of the patriots.

We defend the homeland not with words, but with actions. And we defended it when we had to and when we were in front. We did not say that we are blowing wind and taking the waves of Oruc Reis who is conducting research and violating our sovereign rights.
And we certainly never said we never said we never abrogated our national rights. Because it is a national right, to recall the words of the late Manolis Glezos, who said that even if it is one euro in war reparations and the occupation loan, Greece must claim it.

But I want to say a few words about the great damage, the great trauma, the great stain not only on the issues of society, but also on the issues of democracy. Because Mr Mitsotakis has been an abuser of democracy and of the articles of the Constitution. With this system of illegal surveillance conducted in his office, and now the European Parliament itself is adopting the resolution of the competent committee, which identifies Mitsotakis himself, the Prime Minister himself, as the orchestrator of this illegal surveillance. Himself. And he comes to the debate the day before yesterday - I'm afraid he won't come to a debate again after this, for 8 years we've been asking him to come, I keep asking him for the two of us to go to a debate. He thought that because there would be five others, he would hide behind them, but he slipped up on the first tough question, and where he had been telling us for 9 months that it's not a scandal, he told us it's a scandal. But he also told us something even more serious. He told us that there was no national reason for this surveillance. And I ask myself: if there was no national reason, then how exactly did he tell us that there was a national secret and not let the truth come out in the House committee and cover up the truth?

In any other country in Europe it could not stand for a day. But here it does. He is standing just fine, and so is the prosecutor of the NSA, who illegally signed the wiretaps. He is standing. I wonder why? Where is he keeping Mr Mitsotakis? But also the Prosecutor of the Supreme Court, who, instead of solving this crime, made sure to put obstacles in the way of an honest judge, the head of an independent authority, the AADE, who found the evidence of the crime despite the Prosecutor's efforts to prevent him. And he found the evidence of the crime in the telecommunications providers.
So I wonder what exactly does Mr Mitsotakis want after this confession of his own, by going and asking for the vote of the Greek people? He wishes this vote to be a vote of purification. What exactly is he saying to the voters of the Southwest? He is saying to them, "vote for me to cleanse me".

So I want to address those voters today, the conservatives, because I know that we have big ideological differences, but the majority of them are honest people and they are ashamed of the current leadership of their party. They are ashamed of the wiretapping scandal. And I ask myself: will you purge, will you cover up, will you become complicit with your vote in the rape of democracy? Mr Mitsotakis tells them: "vote for me". A vote for ND is a vote for a cover-up. It is a vote for impunity. It is a vote for four more years of more arrogance, more injustice, more arbitrariness. It is a vote for family rule.

So that's why we say to them: regardless of whether you have differences with SYRIZA - and it is known that you may have differences - in this ballot box you have to vote on the basis of morality and honesty and on the basis of who will govern us for another four years. Imagine if the arrogant Mr Mitsotakis gets a cover-up vote, a vote of tolerance, a vote of laundering, how many more will he watch over the next four years? How much deeper into authoritarianism he will lead our democracy. How much more will he widen inequalities, how much more will the powerful continue to enrich themselves and the middle class become poorer.
So we say to them, if you wish to punish Mr Mitsotakis, the vote that will punish him is the vote that will make him defeated. And the vote that will make him defeated is the vote for SYRIZA, which is the only force that can win and bring change.

We analysed days ago our programme, the Contract for Change. Our program has 11 articles and one inviolable condition, justice, which runs through all 11 articles. But I want to make it clear to you so that you can take it everywhere and every citizen here in Volos, in Magnesia, knows what is happening, what exactly voting for Syriza means.

So our programme and, therefore, a vote for SYRIZA means four things: Wage increases, price reductions, debt regulation and a fair and effective strong welfare state next to the citizen.
We are told that it is expensive. At first they said 23 billion, then 45 billion, then 70 billion, then 85 billion, and I imagine that by next Sunday it could reach 180 billion.

Justice does cost money. Why hide it, after all, as an old, late politician used to say. Justice will cost, but to whom? It will cost the funds who will not carry out their plan to auction 700 000 houses, having taken out loans at 25% and wanting to get 100% of the value.

There will be a great cost of our programme to the energy cartel, to the shareholders of the banks who will not distribute surpluses. Our programme will come at a great cost to those who have already plundered some 10 billion in direct awards and closed tenders, because the party will be over by the next election.

But what Mr Mitsotakis is afraid as the devil is afraid to ask is not what the cost of our programme is, but what the cost of the injustice that the regime has been doing for four years now. And I wonder: what is the cost of four more years of collapsing public hospitals?
How much is it costing thousands of children to be left out of higher education with the barrier that has been put in place? How much did it cost to devalue the welfare state, to devalue the OSE that led to the tragedy of the Tempi? How much has this widening of inequalities cost? What is the cost of unpaid overtime? The undeclared work of young people? The 13th pension that was never given to pensioners? What is the cost of all this?
We now have both the knowledge and the experience. That is why we say to you, yes, now we know and we can. We know because we have learned from our mistakes. And we can because now is the first opportunity we are asking for to govern without the Troika, memoranda and coercion. The first chance we are asking for to govern on the basis of our own programme, to govern on the basis of our own wants and not on the shoulds.

So we have prepared from the first day of the formation of this progressive government, because justice must sometimes be expedited, a legislative act to be implemented immediately before Parliament even opens. And this legislative act has three articles and I want to tell you about them so that you know them. Firstly, the suspension of all auctions of first homes for properties up to 300,000 euros.

Second, the reduction of Value Added Tax to 6% for all products and 0% for emergency products. The reduction of the Special Consumption Tax to the lowest level allowed by the European Union.

And thirdly, the abolition of the Minimum Admission Base from these national exams, so that the children who are now struggling know that there will be no artificial barrier to their access to university, to their progress.

But, friends, I want to say two things about the progressive forces of the country. I understand that we are in a competitive environment before the polls. But I want to ask directly: do they care what the next day will be like in the country, or do they say it doesn't matter, let whoever governs rule?Which is more beneficial, really? To stop the auctions of first homes together, or to tell people that the ruthlessness of the funds and the law that protects first homes are the same thing?

Should we bring back the eight-hour day? Should we abolish unpaid overtime? Or say that unpaid 12-hour days are the same as reinstating collective bargaining agreements?

Should we take the budget for education to 5% of GDP and become Europe as well, because that's the European average, or should we say that the recruitment of university police is the same as the recruitment of teachers?

I am saying all this because some people have said that the programme of the New Democracy and Syriza are the same. So I wonder, asking progressive forces, which is more beneficial? To give space to the judiciary to shed light on the interceptions, or to suddenly declare that it's okay that there weren't that many? And that those who uncovered the dozens of interceptions had some mischievous purpose and revealed them. What is more beneficial, to give society a breather or to finally make it easier for Mr Mitsotakis to appear as a solution when he is the problem?

These are the questions that demand answers and these are the dilemmas. Because the time of crisis is coming for all of us from the Greek people and the next day the time of crisis will come for all of us in relation to what we seek for this country. Because simple proportional representation also means proportional responsibility for all.
Responsibility for how the country is governed. Some people cannot go back to the untruthful 'What a Plastira what a Papagos'. Some people cannot tell us that they are heirs to the legacy of Andreas Papandreou, but have a two-faced approach. For there has never been a two-fronted man in the forces of progress. The front has always been on the right. And now we have a front: On the worst right since the post-war period. The right of Kyriakos Mitsotakis.

That is why, in summing up the dilemma of the ballot box, I want to tell you that, in the end, it is one: Mitsotakis or change? Mitsotakis or justice? Government of impunity or government of cooperation? SYRIZA first and a government of progressive cooperation, or another four years of arrogance, indifference, injustice, obscenity? That is the dilemma. And the majority of our people have already answered this dilemma: SYRIZA on Sunday 21 May. SYRIZA's victory. Victory of our people.

But allow me to say a few words about your city, about Volos. Because I believe that it is time for justice to return to Volos, too. That is why I want to commit here in the port, since we are in the port, that we will review in terms of the public interest and, if necessary, cancel the privatisation process of the only large and profitable commercial port that has remained under public control. And we will return to your city municipality the portion of the land area that is its due. We will not allow LNG facilities within the Pagasitikos, because they pose a risk to the residential areas that exist along the entire coastline.

We will promote here, as we do throughout the country, the reform and project of energy communities and renewable energy sources in consultation with local communities, so as to prevent harmful interventions for the environment and tourism.

And we will move decisively to strengthen, to strengthen the public hospital, the Health Centres, but also the Local Health Units, by strengthening and staffing them not only in your city, but also in the island health structures here in the Sporades.

And finally, I want to remind you that it was the SYRIZA government that made your university, the University of Thessaly, the most successful example of contributing to the development of this region, with millions of euros of current investments in infrastructure, with a contribution to innovation and start-ups. With millions of euros of public investment, of course, in order to have faster growth in research results, in research programmes and substantial results for the country. So this legacy, you know, we will preserve it. And it is the example that we will follow throughout the rest of Greece. Because we have a vision of a public education accessible to all children, regardless of their financial means. Public, strong, reliable, high-quality universities, because we want to invest in the future, we want to invest in knowledge. This is the great asset of young people to face the challenges of tomorrow.

So I would like to close, citizens of Volos, by asking you a favour in these few days left until the ballot box. In these few days left until the ballot box, let us not be complacent. Let us not listen to the sirens that want to distract us. Above all, let us not be complacent, because our opponents may not have arguments, which is why they hide from the debates and when they go to the debates they mess up. They may not have exactly what to say for all the four years they have been in power. I read a tweet today that Mitsotakis put out and it was like someone else had been governing for four years. He was saying, "no more cots in hospitals and lines in operating rooms." That's why we're going to increase health spending. What have you been doing for four years? Didn't you fix all that?

It's amazing how he spends hours and hours and hours and hours opposing himself. He dresses up as Syriza sometimes. He even throws away his tie and pretends to be Tsipras. But the Greek people have understood and the young people, the young children, have understood that he promised them EUR 150 to go and vote. Well, this attitude of arrogance, this attitude of dignity, will be paid for at the ballot box. He will pay for it at the ballot box. Because young people have dignity, they have dreams and they know that these dreams can only be realised by a major change in their lives.
So I want to ask you during these nine days not to stop spreading the message of victory everywhere. SYRIZA first in the elections means change. SYRIZA first in the elections means a progressive government the day after the elections. SYRIZA first in the elections means justice everywhere. Justice for all.
We vote with simple proportional representation, but also with simple logic and we call on all progressive and democratic citizens who want a significant change in their lives to take this step and with their vote to pave the way for a better tomorrow.
From your gathering here today I draw the conclusion: We are already ahead. Victory will be big next Sunday. And it will be even bigger as long as they cultivate and create the certainty that things are backwards. It will be an even bigger victory. It will be even greater the current of hope, of optimism, of change that we will bring with the vote of the Greek people next Sunday. 9 days left. Let's go hard for the great victory.
Be well. Thank you very much for this great gathering. Goodbye to you and to victory. Goodbye.
Anyone who had a doubt about who would win next Sunday in Magnesia, with this rally here, there will be no doubt. And with victory! Hello!
