Citizens of Heraklion, I warmly thank you from the bottom of my heart for this warm welcome, for the determination and optimism with which you fill us today! Thank you, because it is even more important that this time we have refilled this square! And we are and will be here. This is the promise we make to the democratic citizens, to the citizens of Heraklion, to the citizens of all of Greece! We are here again together and we will be together in every difficult battle. We will be together in the easy and in the difficult. And together we will fight until Sunday to raise the flag of justice, to keep the flame of hope for a just society alive! But the promise does not end until Sunday. We will be together on Monday. Together we will move forward to lift the Progressive Party back to where it deserves to be.

And since I am in a place of history, I can't help but think of many of the things that important people have said in this place. And one of them was Nikos Kazantzakis who said, "Do not deign to ask: 'Will we win? Are we going to win?' Only fight!" That is what we have been doing from day one in SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance. We fight! We have learned through hardship, victories and defeats, successes and failures. We have never stopped fighting for what we consider to be just and human. And we have never counted the political cost when it came to defending our values and our ideals. We fight for the value of human life, which for us has no color, no religion, no nationality. It is for this value that we are fighting the battle, for what is just for society and for Greece, for the ordinary people who are struggling to build a better life for themselves and their children. It is for these values and for these people that we are fighting. And it has not been just one or two times that they have tried, throughout this journey that we are walking together, to take us out of the way. They didn't succeed then, I remind you, when we were fighting the creditors and the bankruptcy of the country, and do you think they will succeed now? We got away from the beasts, we won't be eaten by the bugs! Here we are and here we will be to fight together!

Let us stand up and fight the battle as we are doing now, vote by vote and person by person, until Sunday. The correlations are there to be changed because history is not written by rulers, but by the people. Nothing is decided until the people, with their vote and will, put their stamp on it on Sunday night.

In this electoral battle, citizens of Heraklion and friends, we can all see how ruthless our political opponents, the right-wing led by Mr. Mitsotakis, are. Their only goal is not just to win the elections, but to get rid of the SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance so that they have no opponent who can challenge them. To achieve this, they have gone beyond all limits in this electoral battle, even resorting to throwing sensitive national issues such as the issue of Thrace and the Muslim minority into the electoral arena.

They did not hesitate to turn the NIS into a tool of the party and party expediency, just as it had been turned into a tool to serve his personal ambitions during the four years of Mr Mitsotakis, monitoring half of the political system, even for the leadership of the Armed Forces in previous years.

They did not hesitate to muddy us. They did not hesitate to use division and words taken from the darkest moments of our history in order to muddy us. They did not hesitate to call us a 'national exception' or 'minority', as the Right did in the darkest days of our country when it divided Greeks into 'nationalists' on the one hand and 'miasmas' on the other.

But you have witnessed the end of this dark story. In the gallows that were set up for SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance, their own candidate in Rodopi was finally hanged by the decision of Mr. Mitsotakis himself. And with it, the so-called seriousness, national responsibility, and European identity were also hanged. Sometimes there is nemesis in politics. Let them keep that in mind. We say it today so that they understand well that they will always have us against them, and they will always find us in front of them when they are inflicting suffering on society and the country. Because we, the citizens of Heraklion, will not play with our country. This is the message we have sent out these days when our opponents display their irresponsibility and cynicism.

The Democratic and Progressive Party in our country has always been guided by patriotic responsibility, and SYRIZA today is no exception. Patriotic responsibility means putting the interests of the country above petty party interests, and SYRIZA has consistently demonstrated this over the years. Every citizen knows it, from Orestiada to Kastelorizo. We demonstrated it when we fought against the beasts of Europe, when we pulled Greece out of the memoranda, at a time when we were all written off.

And then, I remind you, when we were fighting the negotiation battle to exploit every loophole in order to serve the public interest and the interests of society, when we were taking the country out of the memoranda, regulating the debt and leaving 40 billion in the public coffers, when we were fighting this battle and our political opponents, you remember what they were shouting: 'Vasta Schaeuble' and 'Old Gerun'. So we proved then that we were defending the public interest, the social interest and the country. Our guiding principle has always been the interests of the country.

But we also proved it when we made difficult decisions to consolidate peace in the Balkans with the Prespa Agreement, which was recognized by all of Europe for its importance in maintaining stability in our region. At a time when "Old Gerun" and "Vasta Schäuble" were wearing fezzes and attending rallies with Golden Dawn, asking us to declare our nationalism once again, it was us who were defending the interests of our homeland. We made a deal to fly Greek F-16s over the airspace of our northern neighbors and we did not leave Libya on our northern border for Turkey to exploit. So we are proud of this entire journey. We are proud that we have always put the country before party costs, that we have never counted the cost of defending values, people, the homeland, or social justice. That is why today we will not allow any hypocrites or sellers of nationalism to question our patriotic responsibility.

Citizens of Heraklion, friends, at the ballot box next Sunday, we know that we have a difficult task: to reverse the unfavorable correlation that the ballot of the simple proportional representation recorded a month ago. However, I want you to bear in mind that this election is not the second round, it is not a continuation of the previous one. It is a new election with a new electoral system, a new arrangement of political forces, and new dilemmas. And I want to say to those who are in a hurry to discount the outcome of the popular verdict, don't do it. Because the citizens will now be called upon to decide once and for all how and who will govern the country for the next four years. What is being decided now, at this ballot box, is our lives in the next four years. Who and how and with what program will be in government, who and with what forces in opposition, and what will be the most favorable conditions for the life of citizens. And in this ballot, as in any ballot with enhanced proportional representation, the dilemmas are tough. We do not make them. They are set by the electoral system that gives a 50-seat bonus to the first party. The same electoral system that has been in place in most elections. Simple proportional representation was defeated in the last election, mainly because we extended the hand of cooperation to all the progressive forces, and they were looking to cut off our hand. We were looking at how to govern the country and what the country's interests were, and they were looking at how to grow their own field, not caring whether they would leave the way open for an unchecked, extreme, and neoliberal right to sweep away political and social rights the next day.

So unfortunately, the dilemmas are tough once again. This Sunday, the Greek people have only two alternative strategies at their discretion, two alternative power programs, because there are only two parties in power in our country. The first is the Right, represented by New Democracy, and the second is SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance, which will never become a party that complements its political opponents in governments of the Right. It will never be a party of protest, but rather a party of power. Together, we will make SYRIZA the government of the country and the progressive Party of the country a governing force that will give perspective and hope to the world of work and the majority of Greek society. Therefore, there are two programs and two strategies: the strategy and program of the outgoing government, New Democracy, and the strategy and program of the opposition, Syriza.

The programme of New Democracy, friends, is the one and only programme that Mr Mitsotakis presented to our European partners, the European Commission in Brussels, as a stability programme two months ago. No matter what they tell us, no matter what they promise, this is their real programme. And their real programme has nothing to do with what Mr Mitsotakis announced lavishly during the election campaign. None of the announcements that he made during the election are part of the medium-term plan that he submitted to Brussels two months ago.

Because the programme he presented does not provide for a 25% increase in the average wage, but only a cumulative real increase of 1.3% by the end of the four years.

The programme he submitted does not provide for 10,000 new recruitments in the NHS, but only 10,000 replacements for those who will leave the NHS. This means that there will be a further reduction in the number of doctors and nurses.

The programme he presented does not provide for salary increases for civil servants, but rather cuts in their payroll by 730 million in real terms until the end of the four years. Additionally, there will be a real 10% reduction in primary consumer spending in critical public sectors such as health and education, cumulatively totaling 10%.

In the New Democracy program, they say things that they will never implement, and they carefully hide other things that they intend to implement. Some of these were unwittingly revealed in this election period by the New Democracy MP and doctor, Mr Pneumatikos.

What the MP and candidate for New Democracy told us is that Mr. Mitsotakis' plan is to privatize hospitals, close public structures, and put private individuals and managers in charge of them. This is because healthcare is very expensive and the state cannot afford it. He also mentioned that public hospitals will not be able to meet the needs of society without spending. They will even screen patients based on the cost of treatment and life expectancy. If a patient comes in with a low life expectancy and wants an expensive treatment, it will be given to the one with a higher life expectancy. And for those with no life expectancy, they will go to private hospitals. If they cannot afford it, "Whoever does not adapt dies," as another minister of New Democracy, Mr. Petsas, told us. This is Mr. Mitsotakis' plan for healthcare.

And I want to remind you, because this is the main difference between SYRIZA and New Democracy, that we did everything we could to support public healthcare in the most difficult fiscal conditions. We included 2.5 million of our uninsured fellow citizens in the healthcare system so that they could have access to healthcare. We are the ones who, in the toughest fiscal times, hired to keep hospitals afloat. We made over 300 permanent hires of rescuers in the EMS and brought in 143 new ambulances.

Mr. Mitsotakis has not had the Troika over his head for 4 years now. He has no budgetary restrictions and has not made a single permanent recruitment of rescuers in the ambulance service. As a result, people are running away like dogs in the backs of farm cars because there are no ambulances to transport them.

This is the essential top difference between the program of New Democracy and the program of Syriza. To put it simply, we are talking about human lives, and they are talking about profits and losses. We put people first; they put profits first. That is our big difference! But it is not only health that highlights this top contrast between the two alternative programs. It is almost every area of social and economic life.

It is labor relations, the eight-hour workday, and labor rights, as well as the Labor Inspectorate, that we want to restore so that workers feel supported. Additionally, we need to implement the Pissarides plan, which considers small and medium-sized enterprises as "zombies" and provide them with access to credit, as 96% of them currently lack this.

It will be the auctions of primary residences that will come like a tsunami if the plan and program of New Democracy are implemented. Let me remind you who were New Democracy MPs: The Ravens and the Patsis were New Democracy MPs. This is their plan: 700,000 auctions so that the funds that bought the non-performing loans at 15% of their value and want to sell them at 100% of the property value can make obscene profits.

It is also about education, energy, and water. We cannot forget the day after the elections, which recorded an unfavorable outcome for us and a favorable one for New Democracy. Mr. Adonis Georgiades' arrogance and conceit revealed to us that New Democracy's plan is to obtain 180 MPs so that they alone can change the Constitution.

Their plan, they openly say, is also to abolish Article 16 and private universities. And who is Mr Mitsotakis' advocate in this plan? Mr Mitsotakis has been saying it for years. But who is his advocate in this plan? Mr Androulakis' PASOK, and unfortunately Mr Androulakis himself. He is willing, if New Democracy does not have a majority, to assist with his own MPs in changing the Constitution. With the basis for the introduction of Mrs Kerameos, they have taken the first step. They cut thousands of students from higher education and sent them to colleges. There they did not ask them for an admission basis, they asked them to have a strong pocket, to pay tuition fees. They took the first step, but it was not only about young people who were left out of public universities, it was also about the plan to leave dozens of faculties and departments, especially in the region, without students and to start closing down departments and faculties gradually. And where? In the Region, which is hungry for life, for knowledge, for economic development. Which is bleeding with the brain drain not only abroad but also towards the centre, the capital, Athens. Why? To make room for obscenity.

Everywhere and always, profit is the plan of the neoliberals, our political opponents, even in infrastructure critical to the lives of many. After all, is this not the formula they applied to energy, to PPC, which they stripped of its 'D' and made the leading player in this rally of obscenity?

For four and a half years, we have not increased the electricity bills or the PPC bills by a single euro, with the Troika and the memoranda.

What they did with PPC, they want to do with healthcare, they want to do with education, they want to do with water. That's why they voted for the Regulatory Authority three months ago. And now that they have seen the reactions and resistance of society, they are supposedly boasting that they will return EYDAP and EYDATH to the Ministry of Infrastructure. But what are you telling us? This is a decision of the CoE and you are obliged to do so! But your plans for privatization remain alive on the table, and do not fool the Greek citizens! Otherwise, abolish the Regulatory Authority that you voted for three months ago.

But these are the real plans of our political opponents. This is their program and plan, both hidden and obvious. The withdrawal of the state from critical sectors, privatizations, tax breaks for the rich, and the reduction of labor rights. They believe that this will eventually bring great growth and that it will spread throughout society like crumbs falling from the table at a great feast. They call it trickle-down economics in the United States, but it has never worked. Neoliberalism has no success stories anywhere. It has stories of social explosion, widening inequalities, and failure in both Europe and the US. That is why we say that this project and program are not the future, but rather yesterday. We must leave it behind to create a society of justice and prosperity for all.

But we, friends, faced with this extreme neoliberal plan, which was not fully developed or implemented in the last four years due to the pandemic. With 38,000 deaths from the pandemic, the plan to privatize hospitals could not be implemented. Despite the European Union offering 60 billion to support health and the economy, the plan to close structures and the Pissarides plan for small and medium-sized enterprises could not be implemented.

But now the time of crisis is coming, and we want to tell the Greek people the truth. We want them to hear the truth, even now, just a few days before the elections. Because after the ballot box, no mistake is recognized, and we will have a four-year term that will be tough and difficult. We are running out of benefits in a few days, in a few months, and the European Union's fiscal loosening is ending. If the plan remains to strengthen the strong and shrink the middle and low incomes, then this will lead to new social conflicts and tensions. Greek society must be aware of this and will face difficult situations.

Against this plan, we contrast the plan and programme of Syriza. A solid, fair, and progressive programme for society and the country, which is also realistic. The programme and plan look to the future with optimism because they have at their core the utilization of human potential, modernity, and social justice. They envisage a new model of economic growth based on innovation, knowledge, the fair distribution of resources, and the reduction of inequalities. In the face of the logic of state-owned entrepreneurship, takeovers, and privatisations presented as investments, we have a plan that is a new productive model, supporting the needs of society, the middle class, wage labour, small and medium-sized enterprises, farmers, livestock farmers, and young people.

A plan and program that provide for the tackling of poverty and the strengthening of incomes, the immediate increase of the minimum wage to 880 euros, and the introduction of annual indexation with 10% increases for civil servants who have not received increases for 12 years.

With the return of the 13th pension for pensioners, payment of all retroactive payments decided by the Council of State, and a 7.5% increase for those who had a personal difference.

A program and plan to reduce indirect taxes, including VAT on food and excise duty on fuel, are necessary due to the unprecedented situation in Greece. It is the only country in Europe that has not reduced indirect taxes, which account for 60% of tax revenue.

Mr. Mitsotakis has increased taxes by more than 6 billion in the last year and a half, while keeping VAT consistently high in conditions of unprecedented accuracy.

And of course, a plan that focuses - and we don't hide it - on taxing the super-profits of the energy giants and refineries, which, during the crisis, found an opportunity to enrich themselves and accumulated more than 6 billion euros in excess profits at the expense of the economy, society, and citizens.

The subsidies that Mr. Mitsotakis is giving are not going into the pockets of the citizens. They are targeted subsidies to the energy cartels, refinery cartels, supply chain cartels, and supermarket cartels to keep prices high.

A plan that provides strong state intervention to support the security, dignity, and rights of wage labor.

Providing a strong new NHS.

A quality public education is strengthened by quality public schools and universities, with an emphasis on research.

A plan that provides a welfare state for all, reducing inequalities with quality services and care for everyone, including children, mothers, young couples, the elderly, and people with disabilities.

A plan that also provides for the protection of the first home and addresses the housing crisis, in order to prevent the biggest redistribution of property in our country since World War II, from the many to the few.

At the same time, there is a plan that calls for a strong, interventionist, modern, and effective state that will not be a party or family spoils system, but a tool for development and service to the many. We have seen and not forgotten what happened three months ago in Tempe. We do not forget Tempe, nor the 57 lives that were unjustly lost. Today, the real experts, the judges, not those appointed by Mr. Mitsotakis, have released their findings. Their conclusion states that there was no telecommuting system because it was abolished in 2019. This finding suggests that if there had been a telecommand system, and not the fake consoles that the ministers presented to the channels as a telecommand system, this accident could not have happened.

To the parents of these lost children, we are here to make a promise: we will fight for the vindication of the people who were lost, their children! Because only with justice will we prevent similar tragedies in the years to come.

Citizens of Heraklion, these are the positions and programs of New Democracy and Syriza, which are opposed in this election. With these positions and this program, we will stand against New Democracy. We will defend and promote these positions and this program. But I want to tell you that apart from programs, there are also strategies. Strategies that are also in conflict. You know our strategy; it is a strategy for an inclusive society. We have always had an open hand of cooperation with progressive political forces, and we have always dealt with our political opponents with political culture.

We did not use Trump's tactics. We did not use fake news tactics. We did not want to control the information or create a regime when we came into power.

But New Democracy has another plan and strategy, which they do not hide. Their goal is not only to win, but also to weaken SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance, the only force that can prevent them from establishing an uncontrollable regime. Their plan is to create a fragmented opposition, paralyzed by small civil wars between small parties, unable to mount a serious resistance to their policies. Mr. Mitsotakis' basic plan is for the next Parliament to have 7, or even 8, parties, to have a discredited parliament where they can have ad hoc consultations with opposition parties. Some of those who are not in the House are being inflated and promoted during the election to pass the threshold of entry, which helps Mitsotakis' planning. He doesn't just want to be prime minister again on the 26th, he wants to be a ruler. He has Machiavelli's infamous Hegemon as his guide, advising aspiring rulers first and foremost of one thing: Divide and conquer! These three words sum up the strategy of New Democracy today.

And I want to address the question from here, from democratic Heraklion: Will the democratic people of our country tolerate this? Will the democratic people of Crete, who have always put democracy and freedom above all else, even the conservative citizen accept this? Does it please anyone other than the interconnection and the elites to have a democracy without counterweights, without effective opposition, robust, without the health of opposition and resistance? A sick, weak, unstable Orbán-type democracy in Hungary? Does this benefit democracy? Unfortunately, what I am now describing has been accepted by the smaller parties, even those in the progressive area, and they are making room for New Democracy to get through without too many problems and serious resistance. By their refusal even to discuss, in the previous phase, the possibility of a government of progressive cooperation. By undermining the simple proportional representation. With the so-called two-front, which in practice was one-front against SYRIZA.

And I don't think there is a person, regardless of their political party, who doesn't understand that. This attitude objectively favors the right, to put it bluntly. To recall an old phrase, "it is pouring water into the mill of Mr. Mitsotakis' right-wing." That is why today, from here in Heraklion, I want to address every progressive and democratic citizen and call on them to realize that the stakes of the ballot box on the 25th of this month are not whether we will have a government the next day, but whether the next day we will allow an uncontrolled and unregulated regime to be created with our vote. Those are the stakes of the ballot.

And the only force that can prevent this is SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance. The only thing that can prevent this is the decisive strengthening of SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance. It is the reversal of the correlations that were formed in May. We therefore call today on every progressive and every democratic citizen, but also on every democratic citizen who wants to have a government on the 26th and not a regime, despite their differences and reservations they may have with us, to strengthen SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance with their vote on the coming Sunday. So that we do not allow Mr Mitsotakis' New Democracy to get a blank cheque. To give space to the resistance, to society, to the needs of the many.

I just want to remind you of this image: your fellow Cretan from Chania, Dora Bakoyannis, went to speak - note what I am going to say, it is not the face that matters, it is the substance that matters - to these poor people in Thrace, to the Muslim minority. In front of the cameras, she said to them: "If you don't vote for New Democracy this time," as the other MP said, "if there's a blip on the map with a different color," that bothers them, "you will have four difficult years." And this message was not only going to the Muslim minority, so she said it in front of the cameras. It went to every home, every family, every social group. "If you resist the plans, the will of the regime, the party and the family, you will have a hard time!"

Well, we will be here to support every social group that wants to breathe, that wants to live. Because democracy must breathe! Greece means a strong democracy and SYRIZA will be here to have a strong democracy, a strong society in the next day! So we are and will be here as a force of resistance to the Right and its plans. To defend every social group that is under attack. To fight for their rights, against the logic of flattening and regimentation. So there is one message we are sending out from our rally today: we will not bend, we will not compromise, we will not retreat.

We respond from here, from Heraklion, from Crete, with an old rizitiko: "The door of the manly man will always be open. We come from far away and we will go far away. We are a mature child of necessity. We are here to express the anxieties and struggles of Greek society. Our identity has been seen and experienced by Greece in difficult times, in conditions of government and opposition. We are and will be the great, dynamic, uncompromising force of the Left, the great pole of the democratic and progressive party of the country, which has never been in league with the Right. And it will never go along with the Right. It will never become a complement to the Right Government, which will never support Right-wing policies.

Citizens of Heraklion, I think you know the old saying: "You may fall, but you must get up." And we have already gotten up, we are up and fighting, and we will be up and fighting until Sunday and Monday together. Because we owe it to the Progressive Party, to the progressive citizens, but above all to society, whose interests we serve. And it is for this society, for these people of creation, for the workers, the employed, the scientists, the young people, for those who live by their labor and not by the labor of others, that each and every one of us in the coming days must and will be found in every neighborhood, in every workplace, in every home, in every village, in every workplace. So that not a single vote is wasted. To give strength to hope, to resistance. To give perspective to Greek society. To not let the hope of justice for prosperity for all, for a just society, be extinguished. This struggle until Sunday, but also from the next day, is a struggle of ideas, it is a struggle of dignity. And we will fight it together. And we will win it together! Because we are on the right side of history. So I call upon you to fight this battle and to win it. To fight this battle uncompromisingly, unyieldingly, with determination. We are and will be on the right side of history. Be well, good strength, and good fight until Sunday. And the next day, together! Together we will go forward in the great struggle to rebuild the Progressive Party of the land until the government of the land is in place! Until it becomes governed again! Hello, goodbye, good strength!