Citizens of Alexandroupolis, citizens of Evros. I would like to say a few words about this crucial electoral battle that we have ahead of us. Many people say that elections with a simple proportional representation are, my boy, we do not need to think about who will be in government. It is wrong. A simple proportional representation election does not mean that simple logic is lost. Whoever comes out first will be able to form a government, coalition government, but they will form a government. And so we say. I want that slogan to be shouted nine days from now. Because the crucial thing on election night is who will be celebrating. Will the democratic people be celebrating or will the cartels and the powerful be celebrating? That is the crucial thing. Who will celebrate? So we are saying that in this crucial election, we are saying that it is very important which party comes first. Because with SYRIZA in first place, the road opens up the next day for the formation of a government of progressive cooperation and opens up the road for the great change in our lives. Do not listen to Mr Mitsotakis when he says that we will go to a second election if he is first. Do not listen to him. Most likely he will exhaust every possibility, he will not risk it, to form a government. Yes. With blackmail? Blackmail. By defections? By defections. They know, they have the know how, they've known it before. That is why, friends, we want to address ourselves today, not only to progressive citizens, but to all those who see that this is no longer possible. This situation cannot go on any longer. That is enough. And we say to them that the most powerful punishment to this regime of injustice that has ruled us for four years now is for this regime to lose. And how is this regime to be defeated? It will only be defeated if Syriza wins it on election night. And SYRIZA will win. It will be a great victory for Syriza. It will be a victory for the people. We know and we can bring this great change.