And I want you to give me the opportunity, since I am here in Alexandroupolis today, to address the people of Evrita, to address the people here, the citizens of the border region, and to tell you that Mr Mitsotakis would not have loved you so much. Do not think so. He comes here very often to take pictures on the fence, but he did not love you. He comes here to do propaganda, not to support you, because for four years now he has done nothing of substance for Evros. Nothing substantial has progressed. He is coming to reproduce the familiar propaganda, the familiar propaganda from the old right-wing years. That they are of a high national opinion and there are some Greeks of low national opinion. As if the borders are their property. As if there are Greeks who do not consider them inviolable. Not with financial sacrifices, heavier sacrifices. But I want to tell you, Evritis, citizens of the frontier, that this party has gotten used to us. We are used to them playing the nationalists and lions when things are calm. But when things get tough, they turn from lions to lambs, from roosters to hens. This is what happened when the Turkish ship Oruc Reis was violating the country's sovereign rights and they told us that it was being blown away and that it was not carrying out any surveys because it was noisy and they could not record the cables. We, on the other hand, who did not think of posing and taking pictures on the fence, were the ones who, when the Barbaros was violating the sovereign rights of the country, were across the way with the frigate Nikiforos Fokas and said it would not pass. We don't make lions out of the easy ones. And we don't do the lambs when it's hard. But those who insist on selling nationalism. And do you remember what they did during the Prespa agreement? But the day before yesterday Zoran Zaev sent a letter. Not to me. He sent it to Mitsotakis and said: You are a great friend of mine, because everything Tsipras did, you follow everything, faithfully. You, you, Mr Mitsotakis, who said it was a treacherous agreement, honoured it and kept it and you did the right thing, but that is your hypocrisy. That is the hypocrisy.