We thank you all for your warm welcome and presence here in Chalandri today, in a program presentation that is different than usual, in an open outdoor space, but at a very critical juncture. We are only 18 days away from the elections on June 25th, and these elections are not just about deciding the government of the country tomorrow, the Prime Minister tomorrow, the parliamentary strength of the parties, or the composition of the parliament. In these elections, something much more important, something much bigger, something that concerns us all, is being decided. The very future of the country and its citizens is at stake. We are not just deciding who will be the winner and who will be the loser. We are deciding who and how the country will be governed over the next four years. Therefore, we are deciding on our future and our lives.

So let me start with some images from the future. Let me start with images of Greece and Greek society at the end of the next four years - the Greece of 2027. And let me share these images with you. Let's put aside for a moment the current political debate, the propaganda, the fake news, and the repetitive, to the point of intolerable, driven arguments.

And let's ask ourselves together: What do we want our country to look like at the end of the next four years, in 2027? What do we want our society to look like in 2027 to make it worth living in? The image that comes to my mind is that of a country and a society of democracy and equality. We want ourselves and our children to live in 2027 in a country of democracy and equality, in a country and a society with dynamism and perspective, and in a country and a society with less inequality.

Where the wealth produced will grow and be shared fairly and equitably among citizens. It will not be accumulated by a few select business groups. A country and society that are constantly developing their productive potential, that have exploited their comparative advantages, that are confident and secure. It is the image of a country with strong institutions, entrenched democracy, and a strong welfare state. With workers who are better paid for their work, in dignity and security. A country where workers and small and medium-sized entrepreneurs will not be taxed to enrich the oligarchy but will share equally and proportionately in the common burdens.

I want, and we want, to live in a country where a young couple can have children whenever they want and can cope with the costs of the supermarket, rent, mortgage, and utilities. We want a country where they will have free access to nursery care, healthcare, quality, and modern schools. We want to live in a country where a young scientist can choose whether to stay, work, and contribute her knowledge and energy to the collective effort for the common good, and not be forced to emigrate to see her efforts rewarded.

I want, and we want, to live in a country where an elderly person can live decently without feeling like a burden on his or her family and children, without being squeezed out for debts of a few thousand euros.

In a country where our fellow citizens will not die in the back of a pickup truck because there are no ambulances to transport them. In a country where life's contingencies do not shatter expectations, dreams, and plans. Where a family with a child with autism or an elderly person with a terminal illness will have the support, help, daily care, and attention of the state.

A person with a disability can live, work, play, and have fun just like any other person in a country and society that takes care of its people. That country and society are worth fighting for because these images of the future are not utopian but achievable, realistic goals in the 21st century, no matter how much they try to convince us otherwise.

Feasible and realistic, but on one condition: that the course of the last four years does not continue. Although there is no doubt that the Greek economy is more resilient today than it was 15 years ago, this is not due to the four years of the ND government. On the contrary, it was our crucial contribution that led to the regulation of public debt, the reduction of unemployment, and the rationalization of public finances. This put the country on a path of recovery and growth, stabilized it, and restored its international credibility.

Our government tackled the humanitarian crisis, reduced inequalities, reduced child poverty, and provided access to the National Health System, free medical and pharmaceutical care to two and a half million uninsured individuals, if I recall correctly.

It was our government that, for the first time in the post-independence period, drew up a coherent, long-term development plan. In fact, the plan has become even more relevant today, as market logic and the belief in the "invisible hand of the market" - which supposedly solves all problems like divine providence - have been shaken worldwide. The need for a strong, effective, interventionist state is gaining ground even among the ideological opponents of the Left.

And while the Southwest took over the government for the first time in decades at a fiscally favorable time, unfortunately, it did not choose to seize the opportunity. Five years after the end of the adjustment programs, the country's per capita income is at 59% of the Eurozone average, 18 percentage points lower than the pre-crisis level of 77% in 2007. Countries that were in a much worse position than us in 2007 - Portugal, the Czech Republic, Slovenia - have already surpassed us. At the same time, the percentage of citizens at risk of poverty is now 28.2%, a beastly figure. In other words, the threat of poverty is knocking at the door of one in three Greeks. It is the worst rate among all EU countries, matched only by Romania and Bulgaria. This deterioration of the country's position is reflected in the low wages of workers and the complete deregulation of the labor market.

It is most painful to see the dire state of the National Health System, which was left without any support during the pandemic. This is precisely why we ended up with the highest number of deaths per million population of any EU country during the pandemic.

It is also reflected in the investment sector, where the Southwest is celebrating because it is hiding the fact that almost all of the investments of the last four years have been privatizations, buybacks of tourist properties, and purchases of red loans by funds. For this reason, these investments are not leaving any productive footprint and are once again pushing up the country's trade deficit, creating risks that we thought we had overcome.

As reflected finally in the low quality of services provided by the welfare state and public administration, but also in the devaluation of public infrastructure, as demonstrated by the unspeakable tragedy of Tempi.

But it is also reflected in the digital lag that results in one fiasco after another. The latest grotesque example is the collapse of the Subject Bank system, which has affected tens of thousands of students for two days.

All of this and much more reflects a single reality that is confirmed by the numbers: The country is no longer on a path of convergence with Europe, but rather the opposite. Our distance from the rest of Europe, from the average, is growing. Unfortunately, we are on a path of divergence. This course must be reversed.

I would say that if there is a top major national goal for the next four years, and perhaps for the next decade, it is exactly that: the national goal to reverse the current trend of divergence and become a path of convergence again. Workers' wages and household income must be strengthened, and this cannot happen as long as precarious employment has become the norm and collective agreements are the exception. As long as the Labour Inspectorate has been abolished and employer impunity prevails, the idea that the economy will grow by reducing workers' real wages, dismantling labour relations, and cutting taxes for the fewest businesses is an idea doomed to failure.

The idea that prosperity will be spread to more people as wealth is concentrated in a few, as the latest data from the BoE showed us, where 0.7% of the rich hold 42% of bank deposits, is a dangerous idea and doomed to lead us to new crises. That is why this idea, this project must be defeated. And it must be defeated both at the polls and in the field of everyday political and ideological struggle. Indirect taxes must be reduced. No matter how much the representatives of the New Democracy Party, alone against the whole body of economists of all theoretical traditions and schools of thought worldwide, try to convince us that reducing indirect taxes favours the rich. No matter how hard they try to convince us that high indirect taxes favour the rich, they will not succeed, because the vast majority of the Greek people know. Six billion more in taxes were paid by Greeks in the last 16 months due to high indirect taxation. This is a huge redistribution of income from the many to the few. But it is not the only one.

The redistribution of real estate, which is imminent with the removal of protection for primary residences and the transfer of 40 billion euros of non-performing loans to funds, will also be unprecedented. It will be the largest in the history of the Greek state since the war. It is imperative to stop and prevent this redistribution of wealth, like the redistribution of income, because the disruption of social cohesion it will bring about will be irreversible. No economy can prosper when society is not cohesive.

The destruction of the natural environment must also be avoided with strong legislative interventions and a strict protection framework because natural resources are not inexhaustible, and every year lost has an incalculable cost to future generations.

Finally, the continuous deterioration of democracy itself and the institutions of the rule of law must be prevented. The independence and speed of the administration of justice, the fight against corruption, fiscal transparency, the quality of governance, and the protection of the independent authorities so that they can carry out their work unhindered - areas in which the country has slipped significantly in recent years - must be made a priority.

This is not only an institutional issue, but it also concerns the economy itself. Without a strong economy, the country cannot attract large and strategic productive investments.

Dear friends, reversing the course of divergence of the country from the European average in terms of social cohesion and doing so in a socially just way is the real national goal for which it is worth fighting in the next four years. If this course of divergence continues, the country will once again face existential economic, social, and geopolitical dilemmas. Our party has done its duty to get us out of the crisis, and today, the dilemma that existed 8 years ago about whether we would stay in Europe is no longer on the horizon. However, there is an urgent question of whether we will finally become Europe or remain the poor tail. To do so requires a different plan and different recipes from those that led us into the crisis 14 years ago.

It requires hard work, collective effort, and social mobilization to develop an alternative strategic plan for the Greek economy, one that differs from the plan our political opponents have served and wish to serve for the next four years. This plan must have concrete and measurable objectives. Today, we are presenting precisely this strategic plan, which consists of seven necessary steps to enable us to guarantee social welfare for all through strong public policies, not just for the powerful and privileged, but for the social majority who earn their living through hard work.

Step One: Reconstruct the productive and development model for just, sustainable, and green growth. Create a dynamic and outward-looking economy that breaks free from the trap of clientelism, privileged suppliers, and state-owned enterprises. Build an economy based on knowledge, innovation, a just green transition, and claiming its own share of the global division of labor. Redirect the resources of the Recovery and Resilience Fund and other financial instruments to primary production, manufacturing, digital transformation, critical public infrastructure, and research. Approximately 70 billion euros will be available over the next seven years, with 32 billion coming from the Recovery Fund and the rest from other European financial instruments. Create an economy that finally utilizes the country's highly qualified human resources, young scientists, skilled craftsmen, and the accumulated experience of farmers. Establish a banking system that works for the benefit of the real economy and bears the stamp of public intervention. Create a strong public pillar by regaining control of a systemic bank and giving a leading role to the Development Bank. The public pillar should direct competition to the benefit of the real economy, especially small and medium-sized enterprises, which must finally gain access to liquidity.

With the aim of imposing a policy of lowering lending rates, which today threatens to create a new generation of bad loans, because no economy can flourish without businesses having access to financial instruments. Today, 96% of businesses do not have access, and the banking and financing problem of the Greek economy cannot be solved either by ballot boxing or by false promises and free handouts. It can be solved with a plan, with political will, and with determination. With a government that has a plan and determination to enforce laws in the public interest.

Step Two: Boost income and protect purchasing power. We will address the problem of price stickiness that reduces household income by increasing disposable income and intervening in the price-setting arena. This will be achieved through wage increases in the public and private sectors, increases in all pensions, regulating debts to tax and social security funds, reducing the tax burden for the majority of the population, and ending the policy of feeding obscenity. We will tax the excess profits of energy companies and refineries, and cap their profits and retail prices. We will mobilize all state control mechanisms to break up cartels that hinder fair development and collective well-being. The reduction of prices must be enforced before household income is annihilated, as the Commission has already announced that subsidies and passes will soon stop. This is our plan, and it is what our constitution requires, which states that "Greeks shall contribute without discrimination to the public burdens, according to their strength." Everyone will contribute according to their strengths.

Step Three: Putting workers and the right to work at the center. Labor for us is not just a factor of production. It is at the heart of the economy because only labor produces wealth, and this wealth must be shared. Our aim is to reform the labor market, to make workers feel powerful and secure. The state, in our conception, cannot simply act as an observer of promiscuity. It must and will set rules to eliminate precarious, uninsured, black labor and to strengthen the bargaining position of workers for better wages and humane working conditions. A just society means rules at work, and prosperity for all will only come with job security, better jobs, and better wages.

Step Four: Creating a new, strong NHS. The NHS is first and foremost its people - the people who fought through the pandemic in tragic circumstances. Workers who have gone beyond the limits of job exhaustion but are not paid commensurate with their contribution. These are the people we must support by increasing their salaries, recognizing the dangerous nature of their profession, and supporting and developing the infrastructure of the healthcare system in which they work. Of course, we must also give tenure to all those who have been on the front line of the battle. It is our moral duty, and our new national goal is convergence, which certainly goes through the regeneration and rebuilding of the NHS and its infrastructure. It is a shame for our country to compare our public hospitals with similar public structures in central Europe. Our top priority is to rebuild and reconstruct the NHS and make health services universally accessible and of high quality for all, regardless of their financial means.

Step Five: Strengthening public education. We commit to providing quality public and free schools and universities, as well as public and free postgraduate education. We will increase spending and permanently recruit teachers to finally solve the huge problem of substitutes, which is 5% throughout Europe but 30% in Greece. Education, whether it be school, university, or technical, is not a privilege for us. It is a right of our children and an obligation of the state to provide it free of charge to all children. It is a prerequisite for progress and prosperity, as well as democracy and civilization. Solidarity and respect.

Step six: Creating conditions of security for all with strong social protection. For us, social welfare and state care are not only about extreme poverty. It concerns all citizens and aims to reduce inequalities and help those in need. It is one of the main tools for tackling the demographic problem. That is why we resolutely support mothers, take care of children, guarantee active social support for our disabled fellow citizens, and take care of the elderly with special measures of financial support and care services.

Step seven: We guarantee the right to decent housing and protect the first home. The housing problem will be the problem of the next decade, and immediate government intervention is required without further delay. I repeat what I said earlier: If the redistribution of real estate planned by the government and the funds at the expense of the vast social majority is not prevented, the result will be painful for society and irreversible. It will be painful because it will break up the cohesion of Greek society and cause enormous upheavals in the economy. There is no stability or economic growth with a broken society. We have a coherent and complete, realistic plan for the protection of first homes and access to quality housing. Our holistic plan includes the regulation of bank loans, with the possibility of legal recourse and a ban on auctions, as well as a package of measures to regulate property prices. This includes a restriction of Airbnb to individuals only, the creation of the Housing Bank, and a special rent subsidy program for young people.

Friends, I have presented the main priorities: the seven steps of SYRIZA's plan for an inclusive, dynamic, green, and sustainable economy. It is a redistributive economy that guarantees equal access to goods and services for all. I know what the reactions will be. Those who have no intention of discussing our programs will create a distorted image of their credibility, questioning whether they are realistic or workable. What will they do once again? They will describe our program as expensive, utopian, and unworkable.

They will again mobilise all their communication machinery not to discuss our proposals, but to convince us that the numbers don't add up. Who? Those who left the country in 2009 with a 15% deficit, do they know best how the numbers come out? Those who have bankrupted their party and owe EUR 400 million to the banks, both borrowed and unpaid, do they know how the figures come out? And those who got the country out of the crisis, that is to say us, do not know. We left 37 billion in the public coffers, we regulated the public debt, we left the country with its head out of the water. We don't know how the numbers come out. They know better. We will hear again about general accounts, about costing, about expenditure and revenue. Even though when we challenged them, because they were circulating an old excel sheet from their computer and they were supposedly saying it had the GAO stamp on it. And when we challenged them to go along and cost our program and their program, they ran away, they refused.

But I ask: How much is the life of the 63-year-old woman who perished in the back of a rural car in Kos two days ago really worth? How much is the life of the worker who died a week ago in Perama? How much is the life of the 19-year-old pregnant woman who died yesterday after waiting for five hours for an ambulance in Nea Makri? How much does equality really cost? How much does safety really cost? How much does dignity really cost? How much does the dignity of Greek women and men really cost? All of these, our values, are not free. But they are free of charge. Because they go beyond the cold logic of paying cash. They are values and principles of a society in which it is worth living. They are our principles and our values.

Well, these values will be decided in the next election. Two projects are colliding. Two worlds, two different universes: on the one hand, the world of equality, of freedom, of solidarity. The values of the people, of the working people, of the great social majority. On the other hand, the world of speculation, of arrogance, of contempt. The world of the elite and the oligarchy.

We have chosen a side. And we will fight until the last moment. With modesty and determination. With real concern for people and society. Because we want a just society with prosperity for all and for all. And we will always fight until victory! Good strength. Thank you very much. We will always and in all circumstances and from whatever position until our eternal victory for a society of equality, prosperity, solidarity and justice. Goodbye!