Friends, friends, I truly believe that the party on May 21st took a significant first step, especially since our political opponents, both of whom are now revealing their plan, wanted a small PASOK, a PASOK instrumentalized in their plans. They failed, and they failed because the sovereign people spoke. I call on these people to embrace the democratic progressive plan of justice for our country and to give us a new strong voice on June 25th. This party has never played to the extremes; that is why they call it the Democratic Party. It has never coddled Golden Dawn to get votes, nor has it struck at independent authorities or undermined justice and human rights. That is what you will find in Syriza and New Democracy. I hear Mr Mitsotakis saying, "If I have 149, what am I going to do? Should I hold elections in August?" So what is Mitsotakis saying? "Vote for me so that I do not spoil your holidays." Last month he was saying, "Vote for me because Mr Androulakis did not come to meet me." These are childish arguments. If the current electoral law had been in the previous result, New Democracy would have 172 seats, and let the mainstream media stop scaring the Greek people. Things are too simple. The danger is no longer instability, but the omnipotence of New Democracy, and I call for a strong mandate to be a strong opposition, a bulwark against the arrogance and the client state of Mr Mitsotakis' system of power. But even if the Greek people ultimately gave him 149 seats, Mr Mitsotakis has solutions. Mr Voridis in a top ministry. Mr Georgiades in a top ministry. Mr Plevris in a top ministry. Their daddy, Mr Karatzaferis, closely supports the supposedly liberal Mr Mitsotakis. Mr Kranidiotis is also close by. He closed down his far-right party, and he too supports the supposedly liberal Mr Mitsotakis. So, Mr Mitsotakis, do you have all these people in your party? Will Velopoulos or Niki spoil you? So you have choices in the far-right center because this is not a liberal center; this is for power. There are no principles, there are no values.