But, friends, we have a duty to clarify some things about our national issues since we have opened this issue. Our movement, with a progressive and patriotic discourse, has stood at very critical moments. We put Cyprus in the European Union. With the Helsinki policy, we defined European Union-Turkey relations. But now that Turkey has no European prospects, what do we do? The whole political system, even if Kilicdaroglu and Erdogan were to come out, is directly challenging the sovereign rights of our country. And we keep hearing about armaments. We voted realistically to strengthen our country's deterrent power. We did not play populist games like Syriza, but until when will the arms rally continue? That is why PASOK's first priority is not this rally of competition with Turkey, but to stop the West from selling even one bullet to Turkey as long as it violates sovereign rights and does not respect good neighborly relations in Greece and Cyprus. The arms embargo is a top priority for a patriotic movement. Our partners must also understand why. Greece cannot pay billions of euros from the toil and sacrifice of the Greek people to guard the Euro-Turkish border, which is, of course, also Greek-Turkish. The same is true of other countries, Finland, Estonia, and Cyprus. What should we do? We must go further and further if we want a Europe of peoples and solidarity. We must stand up and play a leading role in the policy of Europe's single foreign policy, the Euroarmy, as with Frontex. The Greek borders must have a European army so that anyone who undermines good neighborly relations knows that they are not dealing with one or two peoples but with 27 peoples of the European Union. That is the big difference between our pro-Europeanism and the caresses that some people in Brussels give. We want Europe united, but with respect for the country in solidarity, not a Europe and a West that pampers Turkey and disregards the great weaknesses that exist in the European firmament. And I say this because after the experience of Ukraine, the ears of the European peoples are open to avoid a new adventure with revisionist leaders, as happened with Putin.