What else should we do? Welfare state, education. They are undermining the foundation. Is that the only problem? The major issue with our education system is that the school is no longer the center of gravity, but rather the tutorial. What are we doing to reverse this problem and make it less expensive for parents to send their children to university? We are introducing the national baccalaureate so that a child is not evaluated in 15 days, but in the last 2 years of high school, allowing for dignity and lower costs to attend the school of their choice, not just the one their family can afford. Our priority is public education as a driving force for social upward mobility of the Greek people, as it was in the 80s and 90s. This is the education we envision and when people ask about Article 16, obviously if there are some businessmen who want to invest in a private university, we will not stand in the way, but that is not our priority. Our priority is that the child of the weaker family and the middle class should be able, through public education at all levels, to succeed in life and make their dreams come true. This is our vision of a strong welfare state and not to hand over the welfare state to private individuals and speculators. However, public schooling has another aspect. In many parts of Greece, I meet parents, and I say this because it is the most tragic thing about this election campaign and my own personal experience, who have children on the autism spectrum. People in their 40s and 45s who tell me that their fear is what their children will do when they are gone. Imagine and put yourself in the shoes of a new 40 and 45 year old parent thinking about the end of life for their child. This is not a normal European state and we, PASOK, have prioritized special education structures to finally create the school of inclusion and not just give some allowances that do not go anywhere for these families. And, of course, remedial teaching to reduce learning inequalities in schools.