Just before the national elections, I can't stop talking about the National Health System that was born by PASOK, George Gennimata and Paraskevas Avgerinos. We created the National Health System, we have a duty to revive the National Health System. But how? Private health care spending is. PASOK is here to fix the NHS, to fix public education, to rebuild the welfare state that will be a guarantor of reducing modern inequalities in the country. Friends, the NHS is falling apart. The Greeks are third in private spending in Europe. We are surpassed only by the Lithuanians and the Bulgarians. What are we saying? 2 to 4% of this fund is given by Mr Mitsotakis for health care. I pledge, because this fund was set up for the pandemic, 8 to 10% from the recovery fund so that we can have permanent doctors and not have Mrs Gaga looking for on-call doctors and Mr Mitsotakis saying that everything is going well. Permanent medical staff to stop the shameful lists of delayed surgeries. And of course, strong primary care. Strong primary care. And I pledge here from Heraklion that the mockery of the health workers with the heavy and unhealthy is over. PASOK is committed to their inclusion in the heavy and unhealthy and not just the pandemic straws. Friends, much has been said in recent hours about Mr Katrougalos. Has Mr Vroutsis changed things much from Mr Katrougalos? He has improved things a little. We with 1.1 billion, which will be much less, because by abolishing the personal difference from 01/01/2024, after 4 years we will have zero costs. With 1.1 billion we are correcting all the injustices in the pension system created by the Katrougalos and Vroutsis laws. The EKAS that Mr Tsipras abolished we are making a new EKAS for 350,000 pensioners, the poorest pensioners in the country. We are abolishing the personal difference and we are also abolishing the unfair provisions for disability and widowhood pensions. And if they ask you how much is that? 1.1 billion, not Mr Mitsotakis' 6 and Mr Tsipras' 10. We are not kidding, we say a little, but that will be put into practice.