Friends. May 21. A strong PASOK means stability, democracy, development, sustainable economic growth, hope and perspective. Therefore, with our strategic autonomy as our compass, with the public interest as our compass, we can, if we fight a few more hours, become the big surprise of the 21 May ballot. The surprise of the Renaissance, the surprise of the strong democratic party. That is why I ask you here, from my homeland, from the homeland of Eleftherios Venizelos, from Crete, which loved and gave birth to the Democratic Party, that we all fight together. To fight. And on Sunday, with the word of truth, the word of dignity, the word of hope, the word of hope, the word of perspective, so that our country can turn the page. We have a duty to win and we will win. For this, good fight. Good fight. We have a duty to make Greece the strong and proud homeland. We have a duty to make the Greek decent, to give hope to the weakest. We are the party of the underprivileged. We are the party of the middle class. We are the party that built a strong Greece. We will do this again on 21 May with the rebirth of PASOK, with the rebirth of the patriotic movement. Here from Heraklion, a message of victory from every corner of the country. Be well. Raise high the flag of the green sun. On 21 May the sun of PASOK, the sun of hope, the sun of perspective, rises again. I thank you from the bottom of my heart. And I pledge here from our homeland that we will give every ounce of strength we have within us. We will give everything we can to make our party strong again and our country proud. Be well! Good luck!  On 21 May, history will take revenge on those who prematurely thought that PASOK and the democratic party were over. Our rebirth, here from Crete, shows that our history and our social roots are reuniting all Greeks under the green sun of change and hope. Homeland, thank you and I will fight for PASOK and the party with all my strength. We will make PASOK the great progressive force again, the genuine home of every democrat. Thank you very much. Good strength. Democratic Heraklion today sent the flame of the fire of rebirth from one end of the country to the other. Bless you. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. In every café in Crete there will once again be the flag of PASOK, the green flag. In Crete, PASOK, the democratic party, is proudly re-establishing itself in Crete. This flag, this flag, shocks millions of Greeks. This song speaks to the soul of millions of Greeks. Why? Because change is our tradition. Because change is our DNA. Because our party is our home. Because the struggle is our life. Because our life is to defend our country and the Greek people. Strongly. We will be 21 winners. Thank you very much. Well, a few hours left. It's good to fight in every village, in every place, in every, in every workplace. Tomorrow, Saturday, is a few hours, a few hours, a few hours, a time to fight, fight, fight and I'm sure if all of us here today fight as we should, on Sunday night the map will have a green county, the county of the heart, the castle of PASOK, the castle that loved and glorified Andreas Papandreou. Bless you. A few hours of struggle all together. Let us speak the truth, the word of progress, consistency and dignity. Away from populism, elitism and divisiveness. We will unite the people again in the great things to come. Bless you. Thank you very much. Bless you.