Friends, fellow travellers, compañeros and compañeros. It is a great pleasure to be in the great electoral castle of day 25 here in Corfu, because as you know, you gave us one of the highest percentages in 2019 here in Corfu. And I think, as wisdom said, we have honored it. We sweat the jersey in the House of Hellenes and Hellenic Women. If you look at the legislative work that we have done over these four years or so and you don't have an idea of how many MPs we had there, you would think that we are a party with 70, 80 MPs. We were a handful of MPs, and the work that was done not only by the MPs but also by the political planning, by the people behind the MPs, it was a moving effort.

We created huge problems for them because every time they tabled a bill and the three parties of the memorandum had their cockfights on issues of no importance, on marginal issues, we focused on the substance and what was the substance? That all the bills coming up were part of an overall plan to plunder people and nature. You saw nature, here with the Hermit. In all corners of Greece, with mining that hasn't started, but they don't care. Do you know how many millions they make just from the mining sanctions alone? Every sanction, every package for the Ionian, for the continent, for the Aegean is a glorious field of glory for consulting firms, law firms. We are talking about a total looting of this country, but to focus on the basics, the main pillars of the looting.

Look, the last time I was here, we promised that we would put the no vote in the House.  Because there was no parliamentary party representing that magnificent no in the House until day 25 came into the House in July 2019. But we are asked by the average citizen who may be somewhat frustrated or disappointed and out of the political process. "And what do I care that you put NO in Parliament?" I'll tell you why you care. Because that No was not a No to say No. That no was about the plunder you live every day, whether you know it or not that the plunder you live every day every time you open your utility bill, every time one of the servicers calls you, the so-called, at the cash registers to blacken your heart with threats of what will happen if you don't pay the instalment, every time you go to the supermarket, every time you turn on the water tap, every time you take the rubbish out. Behind all this is a private individual who is not an investor, who is a predator and who is squeezing out what is left of the life of this people, yours and even the democrats. A large majority of those who vote for a new republic are people of the people. And they themselves are subjects of exploitation and plunder. And let them vote for them.

The difference with 2019, the last time we were here during the election, is unfortunately huge, huge. Things are much worse today. Let me explain. The first years of the memorandum were a period of total decline. They bankrupted the Greek state in late 2009, early 2010. They loaded the largest loan in the history of mankind on the most bankrupt European state, which just to say it, you understand the magnitude of the crime in terms of shrinking incomes. It's like a friend of yours, a girlfriend, telling you that they can't pay off their mortgage because their income has gone down, from their shop, they've lost their job, and a bank goes to give them a credit card, so they can draw on the credit card to pay off the mortgage. Crime. And imagine if they did that conditionally: they'd say, "I'll give you the credit card, but you'll shrink your income even more." So that starts a debt prison for that person, for that country, that's what happened in 2010.

But it was a period when everyone, everyone or almost everyone, 99% of Greeks were losing. Even rich people, wealthy people, well-off people, people with apartments with property, they couldn't get by easily, they might have property, but they couldn't rent their apartments, their houses, their shops, they couldn't sell them. There was no market, they went to sell them and they couldn't find buyers. They had to pay ENVIA, they may have had property, they had no income, they had no cash. Of course the working class. Women, young people, young people, suffered much more, but in general in the first few years of the memorandum, everybody more or less felt the cost of bankruptcy under their own skin. Since 2017-18, when Day 25 was established. It's no coincidence, it's the reason why Day 25 was founded then. We saw that the Syriza government would create a narrative of an exit from the memoranda, when in essence what we saw them doing again. They signed the fourth memorandum that, they signed in August 2018, which of course they called it an exit from the memorandum, because what better way to tell a lie? Is to reverse the truth, to create a huge lie. That's what Goebbels taught in his textbook on propaganda. Literally now. You reverse the truth, the fourth memo, you call it a post-memo. Which is a huge lie and then what do you do? You say it over and over and over and over and over again. We see it coming here that's why we made day 25 because that no vote had to come out of the House to stop the looting, which I'll describe right now.

Because as I said, the first years of the memorandum were the collapse of the whole country. The ceding of it to the lenders. With all that was going on, I don't need to upset you by reminding you of things that you know very well and remember very well. There is just something extremely interesting going on. If what happened wasn't so dystopian and misanthropic, it should be a subject of scientific study and we should all sit down and bow down - look at what the atheophobes did, what did the atheophobes do? They created 3 mechanisms for looting the bankrupt, the Greek people. And indeed from 2018 onwards, if you look, there is a 20%. 2 out of 10 or so.
Of Greeks and Greek women who are doing great, unlike in the first few years of the Memorandum when almost everyone suffered from what are they doing great? From new production processes? From new wealth? From investment? They are doing well because of these 3 mechanisms of plundering the bankrupt. They found imaginative scientifically designed ways to turn the bankruptcy of the many into wealth for the few. This has never been done before, in human history. It is one thing to exploit a worker as a capitalist. You put it to work, the product is sold, you make a profit - Capitalism. And it's another thing to profit from another man's bankruptcy, to take another man's red loan. Huh? The bankrupt government bond. Loan, debt of the bankrupt Greek government and from that you make immense profits. This has never been done before. It happened in the last few years and on day 25 we were the only party that explained it, analyzed it, made it clear to the people in and out of Parliament and put forward proposals on how it can be reversed. These 3 mechanisms , lately I have been referring to these 3 mechanisms as 3 geese laying golden eggs for the oligarchy. Are we taking these geese one by one?

First goose. The red loans. I said it before. How does the system work? You know it, but let's consolidate it one more time. You have a guy, he's got a property, whether it's a shop or a house in the good old days with 150,000. Of that he had 50,000 in the bank. He put the 50,000 down, took out a 100 loan, bought the property 150, fine. Years go by, he pays off that 100, half of it. So he has now put down 50,000 down and has paid off 50,000 of the 100,000 loan. He still owes 50,000. And then comes the crisis. His income goes down, he can lose his shop, he can lose his job, his wages go down, his pension goes down, you know. And he can't pay back and he goes red on the loan. The remaining loan of 50,000, it's reddened and it starts with the chips and grows exponentially and before you know it, the man goes from 50 to owing 100 again. And then comes a predatory fund, under Hercules, first legislated by SYRIZA with the digital auction platform and the securitization and purchase and sale platform of securitized red loans. And then Mr Mitsotakis completed it with the so-called Hercules. So here comes a fund that can be owned by the banker himself. Or it could be owned by the banker, a politician, another predator from Ireland, an American. And a Ukrainian or a Russian - it doesn't matter. We'll never know that because they've set it up in the state of Delaware. All of this is in Delaware. Why Delaware, folks? It's a tiny state. Let me tell you why. Because the legal framework there allows you to form a corporation without the state knowing who you are? You know what I mean? So even the President of the United States can't know who owns this predatory fund? That's what the state, the state of Delaware, is for. The bank account of this fund is in the Cayman Islands or Jersey, a little island between France and Britain, where there is no legal framework. Go ahead, grind dogs. Whatever they want, they do. Tax havens. So here comes this fund. The loan that was 100, had gone to 50, and it went back to 100, for that 150,000 property. He gets it for three grand from Alpha. Here, here. It says Ionics.

By the way, do you know who is closing the banks? The bankers. Is there an Ionic today? They bankrupted it. Alpha took it over. Is there an Alpha today? No, there is, sort of, but it's owned by a hedge fund that you don't even know who owns it anymore. I'm closing the parenthesis a little bit, but I couldn't resist the temptation. So he buys this 100,000 loan for three grand. If this loan, the house that's attached as collateral. With that loan, he puts it up for auction and makes 50 grand. He's put up three and he's got 47. That kind of profit rate doesn't exist in California, or Singapore, or South Korea, or China, or Africa, or anywhere. You can understand why foreign brokers and their local partners hear red loans, bankruptcy of the Greeks and Greek women and they literally rub their hands together. And what do they do? They praise from California where they live, from Berlin where they live, from the Bahamas where they may reside for not paying any tax at all. They drink their champagne in the name of sucking up to the Greeks. Because there are no such profit rates on the planet. You saw how they managed to turn your bankruptcy into their own profit. Think about that. Aside from the social injustice, the other guy got a property that made 150,000, put up 100 and was left out on the street. The fund put in 3 and got 47.

And that's what the government considers... Meanwhile, I have to tip my hat to the audacity of Mitsotakis SA and Kyriakos in particular. Really Kyriakos what can I say? Such audacity has never been seen on the entire planet. They come out and cheer and demand that you praise them for foreign direct investment, foreign direct investment. What is it? Where are they? Sounds good, investment is a good thing. Do you know what they mean by investment? The 3 grand they came here to make 47. That's direct foreign investment. That's the only investment coming into this country. Predatory. They took the airports. How much did they put in? Tell me how much they brought in. It's a radical answer, there's a radical number called zero. Zero. Zero. You know where they got the 1.2 billion to buy the 14 airports. From you. You lent it to them. From the systemic banks, which didn't have it, because you recapitalized them. So it's like coming to your house, saying "I like this, give me the money to buy it from you". And you say: "You're not good enough to do this". And I say to you: "Oh, I'll close the banks for you" because that's what we did in 2015. Why do you think Mario Draghi closed the banks in 2015? To impose on you the dream of Hercules, this goose with the golden eggs, which are laid by this goose, in other words you, your assets, the assets of the Greek people, to go to the Cayman Islands. So here is one of the three geese.

Let's go to a second one. The energy exchange. Here they outdid themselves, they became the worst of the class. Who was the first teacher of the plundering of public networks such as the PPC? Thatcher. Thatcher, in front of these people, was a socialist. Don't let the KKE come out and say that I say Thatcher was a socialist. It's a figure of speech. I say in front of them. In front of these mugs. Even Thatcher, who I spent my youth protesting against her government, was better than them. Shall I tell you why? Thatcher's argument was what, with the PPP, the British PPP, which was public, it worked fine, there was no problem? What was her argument for privatising the British PPP? She tells you: Why should we, the public, set the price of electricity? If the private sector can produce cheaper electricity and give you cheaper electricity, why is that a bad thing? So he says to you, we will do this. What is the price of a kilowatt hour, today with the public system we have? 100; 100 £. I'm just saying a random number now. Well, here's what we're going to do. That was the proposal in the House of Commons. We'll fix the price at 100, which it is today. By law it will not be allowed to go any higher. We're going to privatise the PPP, break it up into pieces, give it to private parties, put other people in, producers. And we'll let the market see if it can get the price down below 100. If it brings the price down below 100, what do you care? You'll benefit. And it passed.

These people here, they don't have their God. They created, he says, as part of the privatization of the market, the energy exchange. They didn't put a ceiling on the price, they didn't say, as Thatcher said, 100 if the market gives a lower price, that's fine. No, they said that the stock exchange would decide the price, no cap, no rules. How? On the basis of competition between the players who will participate in the energy exchange. Who are the players? Vardinoyannis, Latsis, Peristeri, Mytilineos. And a hedge fund, another predatory fund based in London that took over our PPC, the small PPC. These 5 are the stock exchange. So no need. Do you need to know a lot about stock markets to know that this is not a stock market? A stock exchange, because... Never mind the stock market. Imagine a farmer's market with 5 stalls selling tomatoes and potatoes. Is that a farmers' market? Can't these five get along? Won't they raise prices? The energy exchange they built is a cafe. A café for the oligarchs. They sit there every day and say, "You suckers, what are we gonna get today, guys?" They may not say it like that, but they mean it. Implicitly, they say it amongst themselves. One of them says: "We'll give them 180 euros per kilowatt hour." The other one says: "Come on, you, put in a cup." The third comes along and says: "Guys, what is this charity? 300." Fifth guy comes up and says: "Don't be a fool, if we give them 400, they'll die and tomorrow they won't have to pay for electricity. Take it to 220." They cook it up and they find it, 220. Those are the rules of the market. That's not a market, that's a cartel. This is a nefarious mafia, which has the legal right given to it by the Syriza government in 2017, 2018 with the establishment of the Energy Exchange.

Let's go to the third goose with the golden eggs. Overtime. Overseas. You've heard of the Super Fund? Superfund - in English it sounds even bigger. So? Like something that came out of the Marvel comics. Do you guys know of any country that has a superfund? There isn't. Wherever you go in the world, not just in Europe. On the world stage, you're not going to find a super fund. What is a super fund? They set up a company, and they put what's left of the public assets into it. What's left. Archaeological sites, beaches, highways that have not yet been assigned, shares that we still have in the banks, as the public. Everything that exists in this Superfund. Which, okay, there's nothing wrong with putting it all together. The bad thing is what? In the statute of the Super Fund, specify that the management of the Super Fund is in the hands of foreign lenders. We are the only country in the world, friends, ladies and gentlemen, fellow travellers, comrades and comrades. We are the only country in the world, the entire planet, that we have ceded our public property to foreign powers. This was not done even by the Wehrmacht. Nor was it done in India under the British Empire. It was not done in any country, not even in Africa. Under colonialism. They can pass the wealth on to them.
But no colonialist dared to put into legal framework something as obscene and vile as the Super Fund.

A little parenthesis: have you heard them talking about Demeter? I'll come to Demeter too. And they tell me on the channels: Mr Varoufakis, in which other European country is there a Demetra? The answer is none. None, yet. It's the future, but that's another story. Look at what's happening. the Superfund, which doesn't exist anywhere in the world, doesn't bother them. It bothers them to build a system of public free digital transactions that doesn't waste you every time you make payments to each other or pay the government. They don't have a problem with innovation, that Demeter is an innovation. Proof: that they had no problem with the Hyperfund, which is the most vile, obscene and repulsive innovation on the planet. From this Superfund, meanwhile, their profits are immeasurable, the predators' profits.

Because through this superfund, you have now seen, fortunately, that the Council of State has put their two feet in one shoe, in a series of decisions: to return, to take out of the Superfund, EYDAP, the Athens-Piraeus water supply and sewerage company and the one in Thessaloniki. To get them out of there. Return them to the state. Do you know what their problem is? That the statute that the Syriza people have drawn up, under the orders of the Troika, of course, does not allow this. And the Troika is currently asking for equivalents, if you take EVDAP for EVATH, what will you give? Because these are ours. And right now, in the Ministry of Finance, on the sixth floor of Syntagma Square, the bigwigs in the Ministry of Finance are looking to see what they will give them, so that they can take EVDAP and EVATH, so that they don't come into conflict with the Council of State. You will see after the elections they will find a way to try to overturn the decision of the Council of State, because we are not an independent country. We are a government, a state, a state under occupation. That's why we said that NO in July 2015. That's why we put the NO again in Parliament in July 2019. That's why we are hated and demonized, because we are the only ones throwing the ramp lights, throwing the spotlight on the 3 geese laying golden eggs. And not only are we shining the light on these 3 geese, but we have a specific program, Sophia Sakorafa mentioned before, we have submitted a proposal for a law in December 2020 that describes legally, technocratically how these 3 tents will lay golden eggs for the people of Greece. How they will be socialized, how they will return to Greece. They will leave the Cayman Islands, from London, from Jersey from Delaware.

You haven't heard anything about this from the channels of the oligarchs. Is it strange? I mentioned some names before. Vardinoyannis, Mytilineos, Pigeon, add Marinakis. Put in Alafouzos. All the channels. That's all they needed to talk about these three things, these three mechanisms, the three geese with the golden eggs. Who? The leaders of the plunder. The owners of these three geese that lay the golden eggs. What do they say? They'll close the banks. He's playing with the Greek people's deposits, again a rupture. Another adventure. As if liberation and not occupation is the adventure. As if every March 25 and October 28 we don't celebrate as a people the fact that the only adventure is the occupation, it is saying yes to everything, it is accepting the fascist army to enter your borders. The only way to prevent adventure is to say no to those who are plundering the country and who, after all - those who are plundering the country are those who are sending our children abroad.

The country is in a process of desertification. Yes, immigration is a problem. No, immigration of foreigners coming here to put down roots and produce and become part of our society. The immigration of our own children. Where they go. You know that we now have examinations for higher educational institutions. We have medical schools that after many years of study will produce the next batch of doctors. Do you know that more than half of them will be abroad by September, offering their services in Canada, Germany, El Salvador, China, India. Just think of a country that is poor, bankrupt, that has given so much and so much of the family's savings, of the public's savings, to train doctors. We send them to provide services, ready-made, in Germany. Is it possible? Not only did they get everything through the memoranda, but we invest in human human human resources - doctors - so that they can go and offer free of charge, as far as their training is concerned, medical services to the German public. And they see this as a way out of the memoranda. They consider it as Greece becoming a normal country. That we are back in the hard core of the eurozone. We are again an armored economy. This nonsense.

Exactly what they were saying just before the crash of 2009-2010. Remember? The talk about the shielded economy, shielded banks, hard core of the eurozone, the arloubes of Simitis? Do we remember all that? They are saying the same thing now. Think about when we went bankrupt shortly after that period, why did we go bankrupt? We had an income of around 220. Never mind the many zeros, we're confused. We had an income of 220 and we had a debt of 300 and we went bankrupt. Now? 220 has become 192. And the 300 debt had become 400. Add to that the red loans. Add the private debt, which with the public debt goes to 700 billion. We are more bankrupt than ever. But, as long as New Democracy, PASOK and SYRIZA say yes to looting that benefits foreign oligarchs. Financiers, funds and their Greek stakeholders. Of course, they hide it and there is an easier way to hide it; how do they hide it; in the Mitsotakis years they added around 50 billion in new debt. 50 billion. Think about that: 50 billion in new debt - in a country where we give, we don't give five and a half billion a year for the National Health System. Five and a half, National Health Service, but that much for education, maybe 11 plus 12? 50 debt.

Let us not forget another debt. Do you know that this government has pledged to give Hercules' predatory funds, minimum, minimum 23 billion if they don't make a profit? Here come the Delaware predators, they're looting, we'll make about 70 billion. It's our calculation, overseas, from this country. From this country they're going to make another 70 billion and take it overseas. And we have guaranteed them that "Guys, if you don't make at least 23 billion, we will give it to you." We don't have it. So we're going to borrow it. From whom? From the Troika. From the European Central Bank, who else? To give to the predators in Delaware. Look, if the supporters of the new democracy, the vast majority who are not haves and have-nots. People, knew what their own people were doing, at their expense, they would have risen up. They don't. Why; because the grabbers themselves have the means of mass deception. And what do the means of mass deception tell them? Every time we come out and say this 23 billion? Varoufakis was recording the Eurogroup, he is unreliable. When they hear about the energy stock market, us talking about how Vardinoyannis, Latsis, Peristeri, Mytilineos, CVC put their hand deep in their pocket to literally strip you.

When we set out exactly the process that they do it and say what should be done differently, 5% above the average cost of producing and distributing energy, nothing more. Varoufakis will close your banks and take your deposits and make them into a hangman's noose of euros. In other words, black propaganda. The right used to say what it used to say, we will take your houses. We the Communists came the funds in their own and took people's houses. They were saying, as they are saying now about the deposits, Varoufakis will take your deposits, what deposits? 7 out of 10 Greeks have no deposits, they have less than 1000 € in the bank. Have you taken care of taking the deposits yourself?

You force them for so many years to live off whatever reserves they have had savings they have had, you have an independent public revenue authority, the IRS, which today comes in every day and makes tens of thousands of seizures of allegedly. Forfeited accounts, pensions, salaries, money which they want to have is necessary for people to live their savings. So in the long arm of the IRS do you know that we are the only country in the world where the state does not control the tax authorities? Because it is not only the Superfund that A in front of the AADE, the first of the 2 a. The second is a beginning. It's over, but anyway the first one is an independent authority. Like hell it's an independent ADEA. It is fully controlled, as is the Hyperfund by the lenders from the foreign occupiers. It is independent of the Greek Parliament from the Greek state. Right now the Greek government, even of Kyriakos Mitsotakis. Doesn't Aadea control the Aadea software, doesn't pierrakakis control it? Ask him. He doesn't even know who wrote it, who has the keys knows. Imagine there is a company that I don't know who is in Silicon Valley, which right now has all the statistics, all the tax data of Greek citizens that the Greek government, whoever it is, can push a button? It ceases to have access to the tax data of Greek people. Banana country under effective occupation.

When we talk about rupture, we don't talk about rupture lightly that we want to rupture. We woke up one day and we're talking about a rupture, guys, what do you say? No, it's a prerequisite to make this country viable so that we don't lose our children so that we don't continue to desert this. The sacred place in this corner of the southeastern Mediterranean. In this corner of Europe. We are being told to break with Europe. You have a very, very bad idea about Europe, ladies and gentlemen who say that? When we make a break. The 15. With Schaeuble I broke with Europe. Schäuble is Europe, you are not Europe; it is Schäuble Europe who had a purpose. To bring austerity against it. In the interests of German workers. Here was a laboratory, they started here austerity policies to take them to Ireland, to take them to Portugal, to take them to Spain, Italy, France to end up in Germany, as they ended up today the German. Working class is in much worse shape than 20 years ago helped by the policies that. They were implemented here. They were built here, built here to be exported there. We break with all those who are destroying Europe. We break with those who put the German people, the French people, the people of Portugal, even the people of Britain who have left the European Union, at their heart. Why do we not understand these differentiations? We are internationalists because we are patriots and we are patriots because we are internationalists.

Mining touches you here a lot. Because the beautiful Ionian Sea, if this mining takes place, will cease to be beautiful. The whole ecosystem. Which has created this blessed place. is under persecution. I believe that mining will not happen. Because their goal, as with the predatory funds, is to create profit out of nothing. But that doesn't mean we shouldn't be ready to stop every drill where it goes to drill into the earth to bring to the surface fossil fuels from which we will never gain anything. Only the planet will be burdened with them because you're, don't make the mistake of thinking here, at least we're drilling here and finding huge amounts of natural gas. I hope it never happens and Exxon Mobil comes in and takes it all. Huge amounts of Billions what are you going to get? You think? Let me tell your drunkard nothing at all. You won't get it, Exxon Mobil will get it, but you'll tell me, can't Exxon Mobil, the Greek State, pay something? Of course, according to the sanctions, it will pay 11% of the profits. Not Exxon Mobil Exxon Mobil Hellas, another company, this subsidiary, Exxon Mobil Hellas, do you know how much profit it will have? Zero. Zero. Exxon Mobil Hellas. Whatever revenue they have will cook the accounting book their expenses equal their revenues. How can they do that even though they have a 10 billion profit Exxon Mobil Hellas. They will sell a scrap of paper Exxon mom from the United States to Exxon Hellas they will cost it 10 billion. They will calculate in Exxon Hellas cost of zero profit 11% 12% of zero what is it? Zero. that's what you will get, you will only get the hole, the destruction of the environment, the destruction of the earth, the climate change and they will get the annuities as they get your red loans with the energy exchanges, you see? That. It's not just a lot of money. But it's also a package that consists of a number of tools of evil.

What are red loans? It's mining, it's the energy exchange, it's the Super Fund. It's PPP contracts, where you see PPP, you know what it means, it says public-private partnership, no partnership. The capture of the public is by the private. What does the public do under PPP A contractor? A company. It takes a project. The state guarantees him profits. And if you have losses, he passes them on to you. That's what PPPs are and that's why they're a sure profit, not a capitalist profit. The capitalist is supposed to take a risk. They don't take any risk if the government guarantees the profits. Do you know what he does after he packs it up? He makes it a stock market commodity and then sells it abroad to other predators who drink their champagne in the name of the suckers of Greece.

Well, the Greeks are no longer suckers, we put the NO vote back in the Parliament. In 2019 we will now put it in a stronger one. And we will not only put it in stronger. It is a great joy. The fact that we are no longer just Day 25. But we have it with us. As mentioned in the introduction. Comrades from a range of movements, whether they're ecological movements, whether they're social movements, whether they're health-related movements, whether they're. Movements on specific issues like red loans and auctions. Whether they are organizations, parties like people's unity that our paths parted in 2015, but we met again, converged, and so we are proving to be friends. That the unity of the left is possible, that all we need. It is. Not to distance ourselves from each other on the basis of principles. We did not sell out of popular unity, nor did we leave ministries and cars behind and rejoin, we became part of the social fabric to fight for the NO that the Syriza leadership betrayed that night. The night that the Greek people with that 62% wrote history in the world history of the left, a history that we will honour and highlight and will take it abroad again. Indeed, after we have strengthened it even further in the Greek Parliament, in the Greek Parliament.

This election? It will be a good election for the Day, 25 coalition for the break there is no doubt about it that's why you've seen them bend over backwards. It is unbelievable the attacks we are making to the point that we are now laughing it off today. What nonsense or take an example? I said it before. Mitsotakis, how many executioners the skewer? We don't have the imagination that Mitsotakis has. Because when Mitsotakis and Pierrakakis were fixing the fuel pass and they fixed the market pass, we didn't think to say in the House. You don't tell me how many pierrakakis a liter of gasoline or a package of pasta will cost, we didn't think about that. It didn't occur to us. I have to say they have more imagination than we do when it comes to distorting, because Goebbels is in their DNA. We.

Speaking of the executioner, I'd like to say a few words about it, wouldn't you? It's such a great pleasure to talk about the executioner because? It is presented by the deception media. Like a firework. Varoufakis's Day 25 now before the election. It was in our election program in 2019. There is an article in the Financial Times in 2015. Back in those difficult times in June, commenting on my program. Of the parallel over-the-counter payment system that would be built on top of the TINs that are essentially. The yeast for the Demeter and commenting on it in the Financial Times, Not exactly a left wing tabloid. They comment on it and say it's a very, very good idea. By the way, if they want me to share the article you can see it. It's a very old idea. We are proud of this idea, it is the future of digital transactions. It's a system that when you have a central bank, like America, Britain, Sweden, Switzerland, Japan. Denmark. When you have a central bank this system? Digital public, digital, digital, free transactions. You build it on the foundation of your central bank infrastructure, the digital infrastructure of your central bank. That's what the British are doing right now. They're building a so-called. Central bank digital currency CBTC is called in English. The Chinese are doing the same thing, they've already done it, they have 135 million as we speak 135 million accounts. Chinese citizens and foreigners doing business in China have digital accounts directly. In the Central Bank of China. When you have a Central Bank, you build it in the Central Bank. And what is the target? To be independent of the banking system, so that there is a banking crisis. Not to be affected.

So that you don't get wasted by the private banker. Every time you go to get a chocolate from the kiosk You go to the kiosk now with your card to get a chocolate and the kiosk owner's face darkens because he knows he's going to lose? No he won't make a profit on the chocolate he's selling with the COST he'll charge The Bank will lose.

Well, that's what the free public digital transaction systems are for. We said in countries that have their central bank they build on the central bank, if you don't have a central bank what do you do? Demeter, do you build it on top of Taxis Net? So just as you enter Taxis Net, you enter to pay ENFIA, income taxes, road taxes, personal taxes, VAT. You have your codes you log in, you transfer money from your bank account to your VAT. What we say we will do we will do something very very simple. Something that is even simpler than what Pierrakakis is doing after the various platforms. Each VAT will have an account, you will have a PIN which you already have that is, but it will be even simpler. You will also be able to do it through a mobile app. We will also give you a card. As you have bank cards, you will have a card for the executioner in EUROS of course, so in the currency that is in force in the country, no parallel currencies nor executioners eh. It's like going with a Eurobank card. To shop for something from a shop here and you don't tell me how many Eurobank you will give to get a dress, a hat. I'm closing the brackets again. This system gives you, first of all, free transactions. It's important. Do you know that every year we as the Greek people will pay the bankers 2 billion in fees for electronic transactions, as if we had 2 billion to give them. For something that costs them zero, because when you do electronic transactions, the system works without work, without anything, without anything, without electricity, nothing burns them and the cost is zero and they get 2 billion at a cost of zero unbelievable.

Do you wonder why they hate Dimitra? 2 billion will cost them to the bankers and their friends. The political staff, their political horde who represent them in parliament, which are the 3 major parties.

Secondly, if you have €1000 at the moment and you have it in the national bank, Alpha, Piraeus, Eurobnak, wherever you have it. What interest do you get? Almost zero 0.0 0.7% of course, when they lend you money if they lend you money it's 8%, 10% 20% usurious interest rates right? Well, imagine you have parked that 1000 €. In the demeter in the account linked to your tax ID number in the demeter. And you have it for a year? That 1000 € in a year will be able to pay back taxes that you owe because you will owe taxes? 2 things were said something, Brits are definitely in the life of death and taxes. So when in a year you will. You will have to pay taxes those 1000 € you put there will pay back 1080. So you get an interest of 80 € which is 8%, which bank gives you that rate? An equivalent interest rate in the form of a tax deduction and at the same time think of the other, the Greek government. It has borrowed from you. Essentially this means to park 1000 € in your tax account for a year you will have borrowed. A grand to the state for a year, so the state benefits and doesn't have to go to the predators of the markets because every time Staikouras or Tsakalotos or whoever goes I don't say myself because I didn't borrow €1 that six months. The only finance minister who did not borrow €1 on your behalf, another reason why they have people who dislike me and they understand that I sympathise with them and I understand them. Every time they go to borrow issue says bond. Read in the top of the Nauteboriki, the Capital in the yellow pages of the generally yellow Kathimerini but the yellowest, the ones that are about finance and you will see in the more specialized articles that underneath it says the issue of this particular bond is backed by JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Barclays Bank and Alpha Bank. Are they philanthropists? Well if they are, do you know how many millions they charge to issue these bonds? To help. To support the issuance of the bond in Demeter when you have put 1000 € and you keep it in your account in your Tax ID number you have lent the state for free the state allows you to trade, for free you lend it for free. You get an interest rate. Which is equivalent to a tax deduction is a great system. Every country in the eurozone that wants to survive with more breathing space with more social policy possibilities, with less wasting of citizens within the euro should have it. This is a system for breathing better within the euro. You will not hear this from the channels of misery. Now we have a bad habit.

We tell the truth to the world. We are not saying that the banks are shielded. Banks are made to be unsafe. You understand that. When the savings that are in have already been borrowed, they are already gone. Obviously a bankruptcy means a bank collapse. This is where Credit Swiss collapsed, the mighty, Swiss bank. Our people here say, what are you talking about, John? You're playing with people's deposits, telling people that the banks are not safe? But is it possible that they're highly capitalized? Do you know which bank had the highest capitalization in Europe in January last year? Credit Swiss? High capitalization doesn't help, if you're going to start bankrupt. It's the end of the story. And of course Switzerland also has a sovereign state. Pompous has a central bank that prints as many Swiss francs as it wants and we saved it. They didn't save it, it collapsed, they gave it to UBS as a package, but the depositors didn't lose their money. This is the Greek government. The Greek government, which is supposed to guarantee the deposits of the Greeks, those that exist up to 100,000 per account, does not have the Greek government to give them away if there is a bank crash, it does not have to give away what it has guaranteed to the Greek citizens. And there is no central bank to print them. We are at the mercy of Frankfurt, we are at the mercy of Lagarde. We are a debt slave reading and we say so clearly.

The good thing about the demitra, apart from what I've already said, is that in cases of a banking crisis the system continues to work, because it doesn't depend on the banks. That is the beauty of it being completely independent of the banks and we said above if the banking crisis we are referring to is not accidental, but is deliberate, as it was in 2015 when Mario Draghi did everything to create conditions for a banking crisis here. To create a suffocation for a people who were told no to the cut in the ESSP, no to the creation of the energy stock exchange of these 3 hens that lay the golden eggs for the oligarchies. And we say Demeter. For all its merits it has the advantage that if we need to create our own currency, by all means. It reduces the cost of the transition and they tell me. You're talking about a new currency, a national currency. It's treasonous to even think about, you're not telling me you don't think the German government, the German Central Bank the Bundesbank doesn't have a plan to transition to the Deutschmark? It didn't say it wants to go to the mark. It's like saying to the Minister of Defense. Do you have a plan for what happens if Turkey gets into the Castelores? And he tells you yes and you say yes and you say don't be shy a little war monger you plan on war that's what they tell us. It's like going to the fireman and telling him he's playing with fire. No, he's not playing with fire. He has a plan to put out the fire if there is a fire it's not the fireman who puts it out.

You will not hear this from the mass media of deception. Do you know why the oligarchs, these particular ones, I won't mention their names one more time? I am disgusted. These particular gentlemen and they are all gentlemen, so there is no lady. These gentlemen? They are the ones who are leading. All this gobbling that's going on at your expense of looting. And how? This gluttony is being systematically reproduced in fear if you go and say anything, even things they agree with of the new democracy.

For example, you guys say, wait a minute, I've done it because I've had discussions with my New Democracy colleagues in Parliament. What am I saying? Do you think that 100% prepayment of shop tax is consistent with the viability of shops in the Greek private economy? You are Liberals, you are supposed to get along with the merchants? You go and tell them that 100% tax prepayment. It's in the national interest and in their interest. They tell you then why they do it, they won't let us who won't let us? The troika. But the troika, didn't you kick them out? Didn't they leave? Come on, we're talking amongst ourselves, John. And what's the next one? If we do it, they'll close the banks. They say it, they say it, but if you have a plan. What happens if they close your banks, you're a traitor. Because they are interested in not changing anything, in continuing looting This is the mandate they have from their bosses, from the shareholders of Mitsotaki S.A. Let's be clear. In closing my speech, friends, fellow comrades, comrades.

Our goal is to crack down on Mitsotakiki SA, but not only Mitsotakiki SA, but also the shareholders of Mitsotakiki SA who are oligarchs. A vote for Day 25, an alliance for rupture is a vote for the crackdown on Mitsotakiki SA and its shareholders is a vote for the other parties of the meme, which talk about progressive governance. What is their goal? Do you see them? They are giving credentials to the shareholders of Mitsotakiki S.A. Did you hear Latsis thanking Mr Tsipras? For the Hellenic he handed over to him. They give credentials to the shareholders of Mitsotakis Inc. and what do they say? My company will be better. Let me make my own. I won't call it a "S.E.C." It can be an E.P.C. A limited liability company, not a joint stock company, be a people's company. I'll look after your interests as well as the Mitos A E. Let me do it with a progressive bent.

That's the basic principle of Nazism that everyone is the same. The basic principle of Nazism. The greatest enemy of democracy. And since we had one of those? Just now here let me say a word about the Kasidiaris party. I feel ashamed that there was a Golden Dawn in the Greek Parliament. I feel ashamed that in the opinion polls the Kasidiaris Party is doing well, but comrades, fellow comrades, fellow travellers, friends. Will we fall into the Nazi trap? We will fall into the trap of heroizing them by mutilating democracy. Through amendments that will eventually turn against the Communist Party of Greece against the Communists and later against us. We will not mutilate democracy to save it from those who want to mutilate it. We will crush the Nazis in the streets, in the mass places, at the polls, in every street of the country, in every neighbourhood, in every alley, in every town, in every village.

It's going to be a long fight, we have 2 elections, have no doubt. There will be a second because the 2 big parties the 3 still just the third is not big. The parties of memorandum. They don't want simple proportional representation even SYRIZA who voted for it because if they wanted it they wouldn't use this obscene. Argument about a government of losers. What is a government of losers when you believe in simple proportional representation? If you have 151 MPs and you have formed a government, you are the winners according to simple proportional representation. But for that to happen there has to be a minimum common program. There has to be a common popular front to support a progressive government that goes against the oligarchy, but they are not interested in going against the oligarchy. They want to become the prime ministers and ministers again.

We don't want to become prime ministers and ministers, we want to win power and hand it over to the Greek people. Through consultative councils of conscripts and elected citizens through the socialization of the means of production through the socialization of the wealth that is currently being seized by the oligarchy and taken to the Cayman Islands. Thank you very much. We have 2 elections in a month here again because the biggest fight will be the Second Sunday around July 2. Thank you very much please candidates. Of our county to come here. Let's read them the names, one by one. Because the revolution, the change. The rupture begins in our land. Litsa Alexaki, my great comrade. Evangelia so but Litsa. Vitos Armeniacos Spyridon. Hello, Vitos. Joseph Georgatos. Hello, Joseph. Welcome to the fight. The other usual suspect, Vassilis Katadias. Hello, Vassilis. And Angelina Kontini, come on, Angelina. These people here, these people here will fight in every village of Corfu, of the region. They will give the fight with a smile. Because it's a sacred duty. All of us all of us to give this fight and to rejoice because joy is revolutionary, as is truth. Joy and truth are revolutionary concepts that we embrace. I hand them over to you. Thank you very much in a month, back here again.