We uphold our work, the work of the party over time, but I pledge that what has hurt the Greek people on the part of PASOK will not happen again. All together, because this new course is without mistakes. All together with the PASOK flag flying high. All together, having faith in our work, faith in our offer, we are recapturing the work of Andreas Papandreou, the movement of the democratic and progressive history of the country from Patras. Friends, together we will move forward. Every democrat and progressive citizen, all together to build a strong majority current of a modern center-left that confronts maintenance, a modern center-left that will be a government, a government of values and principles and not a government for power, for chairs. Therefore, the criterion is hope for better days. So I ask every friend, every democrat to walk with me. Because together we will walk together from now on with humanity in the face of cynicism, with seriousness in the face of arrogance, with certainty in the face of uncertainty, with responsibility in the face of populism and unreliability. I call on all of you, every democrat, every progressive, together on June 25 to make a decision for change, a decision of social justice and national dignity. I call upon you to raise the proud flag of PASOK. I call upon you to join our forces, to join our struggles, to join our hopes in order to turn the country around. We owe it to all generations, we owe it to our youth, we owe it to our country. Because this movement, the democratic, progressive one, was born for one reason only: to serve the people and the country, for this strong mandate to have a real credible opponent to the maintenance at home. Bless you and good strength. I am sure that today, it is still step and June 25 again front and center in the struggle. Be well. Thank you very much. I am sure that together we will win. We have a duty not to disappoint anyone. June 25, the date of victory, the date of rebirth. The date on which PASOK is once again a leading player on the political stage of our country. Be well and have a good race.