It's also the technology. Evolution. The cloud cloud. The interconnection of devices with the servers of large enterprises. They pose a real threat to the new syndicalism. We talked about efood.We have Vasilis here who can tell you about it because he is the man who set up the union with other colleagues. He will tell you that one way. Let's go. He will. He will tell you. That when an employer wants to punish a unionist or an employee who is more inclined to unionize. He doesn't have to do anything overt. He changes the algorithm a little bit and this particular one doesn't livermore. He goes minimum 5 km routes in the rain. Without even being visible. The algorithms are now. They're the bosses' janitors. You don't see him the way you used to see the janitor, The mean sad guy in Eisenstein's movies is an algorithm now. It's something that's programmed in a very beautiful laboratory. It's what I call a necrophallus. I want to bring you some unpleasant information from the United States. There the progressive international in which we participate. We have. We've worked a lot. With the unions that are trying like the efood union here To bring obstacles to exploitation to deep exploitation. From techno feudal lords. Like Efood. Same with Amazon. You know that every Black Friday the progressive international we organize worldwide worldwide worldwide. From Vietnam to Bangladesh, India, India, Germany, New Jersey to Seattle. A strike involving millions of workers against Amazon. But I'll tell you something. In relation to the algorithm. Amazon. It's finding ways. To kill in quotes, to eliminate. The syndicates which amount to some of their warehouses as follows. There are. Algorithms particularly impressive spectacular real achievements of the human mind, which at this moment we're talking. They are studying. The proteins that are viruses or bacteria. Will you tell me what this has to do with anything? I'll tell you what it has to do with it? Through algorithmic processes they can analyze the structure of bacteria and viruses and synthesize antibiotics. It would take the human mind a million years to synthesize them. They figure out which combinations of proteins are the ones that if you hit point A at point B with a particular antibiotic you can beat the disease? Amazon uses just such algorithms to predict which warehouse has a rise in unionism, so that it sends its trucks or trains to other warehouses, bypassing and eventually closing warehouses where labor tends to rise. The new unionism will address these and don't think that's not something that's coming here? Because these technologies are too easily transferable? We have Scrooge here we have their equivalent, we have efood they know very well. They come with these software packages, how do they deal with the new unionism? We day 25 alliance for the break and I say this because I am addressing young people, we have a sacred obligation. We are not technologically literate. To help the trade union movement in no way cap it. We are not like the other parties trying to exploit the new unionism. But to help them and with the expertise we have and you who are with us, who are part of it. Of the Mera 25 Alliance for Rupture to help. These enclaves. Of the new unionism to grow and prevent the techno-feudalists from isolating and defeating them.