Friends, compañeras and compañeros, whether we call what I am describing now. capitalism, which is on crack or on steroids, or we call it technophobia. It doesn't matter what it is. You know what it is? That this kind of generalized and technologically enhanced exploitation. It's getting closer and closer. The deepest crisis. Why will I give you an example? Take a traditional car company, General Motors, let's say Volkswagen. About 85% of the revenues of such a traditional capitalist multinational company. It goes to wages. About 85%. Do you know what percentage of Amazon goes to wages? 0,9%. The rest is profits. Profits, which of course are never declared, because through Ireland, the Netherlands, the Cayman Islands and so on, Luxembourg, with the blind eye of the European Union, you know that Amazon last year had 43 billion. Revenue just in the European Union alone. Do you know how much tax it paid? A radical figure of zero. Zero. Why am I saying this? Because when you have one of these? Unequal distribution. Of revenue. Such huge multinationals. When 20 30% doesn't go to the workers, who will buy the goods of this capitalism? It doesn't make sense that all the time this capitalism can't produce the demand for the goods it produces. This is a classic Marxian view. But what if this was true for the time Marx was writing? Is it true today? It's no accident. That central banks are forced to print trillions of dollars. Euro yen pounds, Swiss francs, Swiss francs, and anything else the human mind can imagine, because that wasn't happening before 2008. The reason is that after 2008 capitalism can no longer be motivated by its profits. It needs the state what they say that capitalism is markets, which work efficiently. On the basis of the coordination of human choices, customers, consumers, producers. It's all a bunch of baloney. The only reason capitalism is upright is because we have states that print money, the money center, which we were accused of not printing the money center, which we were accused of not printing the money center is fine if it prints money to fuel this exploitative process that pits technology against people and people against people.