That's her. The established order at the moment has emerged this way. Those of you who are staying. Heroically in this country and we hope you don't leave and we hope to bring others back. You are facing. Either the rupture that we have to make together or the ghettoization. Our youth right now are being ghettoized. Eighty percent of youth are being put into silos in silos of souls whether it's education, whether it's jobs, whether it's health. The Memorandum regime, the Hrododoulo-Palace, Greece, the way it is managed or managed by the Memorandum parties since 2010. They are pushing the young and the young at heart. To a complete marginalization, marginalization in a real ghetto let's start with education. Allow me. Two words about something that is a unique phenomenon. The vast majority of people in power. From all parties. Whether it's political power or business power. The ruling class, their children have nothing to do with Greek education, not even with private schools. From 14 they are oriented for IB. Do you know what that means? It's like sending their children from the age of 14 to Canada. They're not sending him to Canada. They are sending them to some private schools in Peoria, but in which they are not even studying with the Ministry of Education curriculum, as it used to be in private schools, in colleges and so on in the old days they study with a system in which once the children get in there, even if they want to, they cannot pass the national exams. It's like the ruling class. Sending their kids to other countries. By default. Which is hugely important from a political economy point of view. A class whose children can't study at the Greek university even if they want to. Why should they empower the Greek university? The only way to see the Greek university the public university is as a repository of souls. In which to park the youth. They will educate them as you educate that they will not educate them any more education, but education. You educate a seal, you can't educate a seal. That's the goal. Education so they learn some trivia. Things to do in the workplaces of shallow entrepreneurship, in the workplaces with very low added value, with low productivity, with low wages and no rights. Precariousness. And essentially and a way to filter out the kids who might give them a small business position in some companies. And at the same time premiumizing the colleges which is what role the predatory funds play in Hercules and the red loans play in the colleges in education. The minimum admissions base. The police state. All of this? They are not unconnected. Greece today is very much reminiscent, though not aesthetically apparent. It does not follow that, but analytically, if we look at it, there is no doubt. What was India like under the British Empire? Where the surveyors were coming from London to Bombay, to Calcutta. They had their own schools and Indian schools. They were there only as repositories of souls as a way of choosing who they would have for access. That is exactly how they treat education today. When the ministers of the PASOK New Democracy and SYRIZA governments. And here I am also talking about the social class, my own. Why do we have to be honest? We are sending our children to a foreign education system. From the age of 14 it is perfectly normal, so the educational reform we have to bring as part of the break should be particularly radical. It is not simply a question of strengthening the public university. It's definitely needed, but we need to rethink the whole structure of the school. From primary school through to higher education. We. For the simple ones we have simple seats, abolition of the minimum admission base. Create a real sanctuary of ideas, not a sanctuary of any authoritarianism. An end to the recognition of colleges.