Take the health and energy to bond a little. Who took the PPC? CVC. The hedge fund from London.  Health, Metro and a number of other private clinics. Who took them? CVC. The hedge fund from London. The roof. How is a real social collapse being caused right now through foreclosures? The same hedgefunds that are buying colleges are buying colleges. Or do they want through PPPs to take over contracting work from the EDF? The same hedgefunds are the ones that are involved in the predatory funds that are taking people's homes, taking small businesses. The result is not only a deepening of the deep social crisis, but also the interconnection of the different aspects. Why you young people, you young people, if there is no rupture? First time we say break. What is the future you stand for will be a future with private health insurance and so-called deductibles which is the destruction of the American working class of American youth. Are you going to pay premiums in private? Insurance company. Health care. But then you won't dare go to the doctor. Because the first 10,000 you have to pay out of your own pocket and it's the same company that took your house? It will be the same company that will have bought the College, which will put tuition fees on you and then require you to either benevolently offer you a loan to pay for it - it will be the same company. And not be the company friends and comrades. Companions will be owned by the same company. Why do you know that right now in American capitalism? 90% of the companies 9 out of 10. Of the companies that are listed on the New York Stock Exchange are owned by 3 companies. There's not even a pretense? Market capitalism when 90% are owned by 3 companies that wield power over the youth. Over the middle class over the working class through the absolute monopoly of health care, education, housing, credit, loans, banking. This patchwork of power, of the money of the very few 0.1% over the many. Well, no, says the oligarchy. What are you saying? It's not water as a commodity. It's not education or health care. Commodity, everything is a commodity. That's what they tell you. What capitalism is is the commodification of everything is the triumph of exchange value of price over real value. That's capitalism. And as long as we let it. Degenerate going from one crisis to another, the more it will commodify everything, the more it will identify you yourselves with commodities. Already. A large part of our youth has been converted. Has it been converted? Into a brand like Apple, the iPHONE, is a brand. So they are trying to turn you into a brand not only here. Worldwide for you to think about it. Think about it sometime. Supposedly even in the midst of capitalism we had a space. Remember what we used to say 8 hours of work, 8 hours of rest? 8 hours of recreation, education, training, education and so on.