Today. With. Technology which we as Marxist people certainly applaud and what do we want? But we want to make it work for people, not against people. Today. Can I give you an example? Don't say I'm talking generally I remember a few years ago. Students. Coming to me asking for letters of recommendation to get a job. They would tell me. That to get a job today a decent job and pass the interview is enough. In the interview they have your file inside, they've seen that you've tweeted. Everything you've put on Facebook that's been put on TikTok from your own account, every post you've put up. Have you been tagged? Which means what? It means that young kids today all over the world. Every moment. Every moment. When they put something on the Internet when they think when. They communicate a thought to each other, a photo. They have to in the background and what's worse is that it's working subconsciously. Subconsciously they think. How will this look to a prospective employer? Suddenly. There is no autonomy of the individual. Suddenly you're a producer of the image. That the employer wants to see. The capital, which takes the form. of modern technologies and reaches you even through your mobile phone. The expansion of capital has entered your soul. It reaches the microcosm of our soul on one side and of course in the stars. On the other hand you know, friends, that in Luxembourg as we speak. There is an asteroid market. Isn't there? To say that and you know that, you know that at the moment the capitalization is around. About a trillion dollars, about a trillion dollars is the value of the contracts. For. Pumping. Materials. And specific ores from asteroids we don't have the technology to go to the asteroids yet, but there's already a market for them. That's capitalism. From the soul of the student who tries. And he thinks and suppresses what he will upload to the Internet with the thought or subconscious turned to the future employer up to the Asteroid market in Luxembourg. Isn't this society anymore? This is the commodification of all value, its trivialization.