I would like to thank you all for being here in the city of Chania. Today is a very important day for me because it is one of my favourite regions. The whole of Crete, lest we forget.

Unfortunately, we are going through an election period which is full of minefields. I believe that the government system is blowing its horns and it is evident from the jerky moves through which it acts and operates at many levels, especially at the level of channel control. It is being done overtly now. We had an incident yesterday on Mega, where the 2 candidates of day 25 and our candidate, while called in at noon the first time, were cancelled after half an hour. He was called again the second time to go on the show, he was cancelled the second time. He was called back a third time, cancelled again. This means that they don't want pluralism and of course the mainstream media, I understand this because their interconnectedness is mainly focused and rooted in the parties in power, those who ruled, that is, PASOK, New Democracy and Syriza. But it bothers me that it has now gone beyond the limit of, you know, the choice of "who to listen to"? But we're going into a gagging process; let's be bipartisan, things didn't go very well. It's well known that the bipartisan which includes the FCC is a bipartisan committee in which the government mainly decides how the process is going to be done.

Let me tell you that we pushed for the regional channels.I am still waiting for the answer to give paid advertising messages in the region of the parties, since the parties receive money from subsidies, this money should not stay in Athens. It is a disgrace that the Athens-centric system reaps all the election money and not the region. Until now you know regional channels and media, newspapers did not get election money and had to resort to other methods through candidates. These should be stopped in the country and since the funds are there, they should be given directly by the parties for their promotion.

I must also say that the government is suffering and is suffering the Greek people every day with the back and forth. Of course, the government is not the only problem. Even SYRIZA, watching Mr Tsipras this morning on Antenna because, I want to watch everyone and read what everyone else is saying so that I at least know where we stand and where we are. I heard Mr Tsipras and SYRIZA as a whole talk about the renationalisation of the PPC. The question that is relentlessly asked is when can a politician lie? Because the large share of the PPC was given under the SYRIZA government to the Ypertifond, i.e. the PPC was led to a privatization through the PPC and now wants to re-nationalize it.

So let him apologize for the previous choices, as with the funds, as with so many choices concerning infrastructure and public sectors that were sold off through a law concerning the Hyperfund under Syriza. At least the new democracy is shamelessly saying it bluntly: selling out everything. SYRIZA today cannot say other things while doing but as a government.

The second thing I want to stress is that it is today that I listened to Mr Mitsotakis, who for months has been giving the familiar pass. Mr Varoufakis is talking about Executioners, Mr Tsipras talked about euros, he will give euros to the Greeks. Listen. The philosophy of a political leader must be one and the same, to know how to tell the truth. Certain political leaders cannot give money to the Greeks because they themselves cannot produce money and cannot enter into this process.
One wants a job, one wants a decent salary, but most importantly the country wants wealth production. I have not heard any model from these 3 parties of wealth production and if Greece does not produce wealth we are unfortunately driving day by day in a death spiral and it is shown by the economic distress. I will give 2, 3 examples for all Greeks to understand.

OECD: average nominal wage in 2022 increased by one and a half percent. The nominal. Listen a little bit because the numbers can sometimes sound positive, but if you weigh them up, the sign is negative. The average real wage fell by 7.4 percent. How's the new republic doing? So? It uses the former for 22, but avoids the latter. But why did it fall by 7.4%? Because of inflation. We may have had a theoretical increase, what Mr. Mitsotakis said, but because of inflation we had a loss of market value, so we had a gain, a loss, a loss, plin the sign. The average wage in Greece in 21 was €15,800 a year. In '21. When the average wage in the European Union, 30 three and a half thousand. Look at the difference. It's not only about having a job, but also about having a decent salary. So basically two Greeks are working for a European salary. This is what all the political leaders avoid saying. And this is where the next one comes in. The ELSTAT data, ELSTAT itself, if taken into account, we see inside. At the same time, the per capita income of Greeks, according to ELSTAT data, in terms of market value, is third from the bottom. We are third from the bottom in the European Union.

As far as energy poverty is concerned, we only pass Bulgaria and Lithuania. I have said all this to finally put an end to the fairy tale that the economy is doing well.

If you include the 700,000 Greek children that these gentlemen have ostracized, imagine another 700,000 Greeks who had no job in Greece, living here. We are talking about an unemployment rate of over 40%. That's how many there were. You know, with accounting tricks, because I'm a businessman, I know that I can turn a negative balance sheet into a positive one. When you want to do accounting tricks. Or you can turn a positive company budget into a negative one with fixed assets and expenses. Well, let's stop with the half truths ladies and gentlemen, because when the election is over and the lights go down and the lights go off, the hard stuff is going to be too much. When the European Central Bank comes out and says that in order to be able to hold down borrowing rates, we have to cut wages. Mr Mitsotakis and Mr Tsipras cannot be lying with Mr Androulakis, saying that they will increase wages.

The only solution to increase wages is for the country to produce real wealth, if we don't give a basis to the primary sector, the agricultural economy, the livestock economy, the fishing economy, which are economies of scale, economies of surplus value, that is, when you produce an agricultural product €1 can become after a year €7 of surplus value. That is where the investment is, not in the provision of a service. And this is proven by the wrong choices of the government, which in the Recovery Fund, the biggest piece of the pie of the funding that was given, 80% of the money was taken, that is, 300 companies and something in Greece. When there are 800,000 SMEs that are not being granted by any bank.

When the Recovery Fund or what I call the "plunder of the money" of the Europeans goes to wind turbines to be erected on the high mountain or on the mountains of Crete or on the mountains of Epirus. Anarchistically, without a plan, the Commission, the European Commission, then comes along and fines you 100 million euros a year for putting wind turbines in Natura areas. Greece, nobody says it, pays 100 million people say it is around 9 million a month, because we put wind turbines on Natura areas. This shows what? Their feverishness to make money. Their friends, I am not saying themselves and I have no proof of that. Their friends and their friends say they have energy companies, wind turbine companies, gas companies, some poisons, they are bribing them and the Greek is starving. We are not going anywhere like this.

And there's another big problem that nobody has focused on. They don't know it basically; the problem with the political staff and the leaders of the parties living far away from society. They don't know basic problems of the legal economy, it's called greed inflation. What does it mean? Companies use inflation as an excuse to be able to increase their profits, i.e. they increase prices because of inflation. But that's a lie because the government's economic policy can control it directly, directly, but what they do is they make triangular relationships between the food industry, the middlemen, the middlemen, to raise the price of the product from the manufacturing plant to the selling price. We used to have the farmer producer delivering to the supermarket or somewhere else, or the grocery store. Now we have the farmer going to the wholesaler. The wholesaler, the food processing company. The food industry standardizes and they ship it anywhere. So therefore the chain has grown, so making more profit, everybody is still taking the product from 1 € to 3 €. Here I have to say this though, because I have examples. The gross EBITDA margin on revenue of a manufacturing group increased 4%. Listen to the gross margin. By 4%. gross margin by 5%. The publicly traded food industry attributes last year's increase in operating costs. What are they doing, increasing their operating expenses? What does that mean? When they increase operating costs, for those who know economics, I don't know if Mitsotakis knows economics or Mr. Tsipras, but when the company increases operating costs, they pass that increase in operating costs on; to the product.

So the companies artificially increase their costs in various fixed assets, the big ones, so that they say that it costs me one and a half euros and I sell it for three and a half, it doesn't cost one. That's the inflation of greed. Economists know this. Ask a party chairman if you see him again. Of course, now that they've been briefed by us, they'll say it too, but they don't know it. It's all that. We have a publicly traded company, showed a threefold gross margin, this year. Listed supplier group, attributes the profit increase, diversification of the sales mix into individual industries. They are finding ways to look at production costs, especially the big conglomerates, not the farmer, who pays more oil because the government illegally unethically puts tax on top of tax on top of say VAT puts a special tax and vice versa.

All these are messages that the government should take seriously, because the central banker, the fabius panetta of the European Central Bank, comes out and makes a statement that foreshadows an earthquake, but our people are mainly concerned with Tsipras, Mitsotakis, with the small things and not with the big things. Or Mr Androulakis. There are sectors where costs are falling while retail prices are rising and their profits are also rising and the CEO of Société Générale comes out and says the main driver of this inflation is due to rising profit margins. That's what I was telling you before. Companies are raising profit margins above the normal level and this is happening in Greece, especially with the food industries. Because by the same reasoning, the farmer should get more money, because his costs have gone up, but the farmer is getting less than last year, at the unit price. I am saying this, it may sound complicated. I will not bore you with illustrations and generalisations and arithmetic of the grey arguments of the other parties. We, in order to be able to govern, have to find the cause to solve the problem. That is the difference in the Greek solution. We do not want to cure the result. The result cannot be cured. The cause is cured of the disease. they don't even know the basics and as long as Greece doesn't produce it will produce debt and memoranda. This is our basic objection to everything that is being reported regarding the economy. On the other hand I must say that it must seem absurd to many of you.

Strange I would say that none of the 3 parties competing for the small ones talk about national issues. No mention of operational matters. And the mainstream journalists, Polakis calls them bovine, I avoid such terms. Today's mainstream journalists never raise questions about Greek-Turkish issues, when. Is it a systemic mandate that no Greek-Turkish issues should be put on the table?

Because quite simply the big 3, big God willing, small for the needs of Greece, have agreed to co-exploitation in the Aegean, to the sharing of the Aegean. And especially since they started from our Crete and no Cretan says, unfortunately, politician, but not only that east of Crete is no longer Crete. It is a disputed area, because we have made a reduced influence with Egypt and because we have not included in the EEZ of Greece in our Cyprus. So it is a disputed area. Hence the statements of Gerapetritis the most credible politician I have ever met in my life who talked about 6 nautical miles in Crete, continental shelf. Why does he keep telling us about maritime zones? Why is the Minister talking about maritime zones and not specific issues that should be of concern? End of EEZ. And here I have to say that they are committing crimes. I said it yesterday on a hospitable channel in Crete, to Mr Sakhinis, the gentlemen of the new democracy have committed two successive national crimes.

First, they invited a representative of Taiwan to the Delphi Forum. How is it possible to invite Taiwan, which is in the eye of the cyclone, in relation to China? Because the Americans are all over it? Why should I go into this spin? What is the reason? It's not enough that Crete and Souda have become, I'll say it, fifty-third province or fifty-fourth with Alexandroupolis, bases of Americans, we call Taiwan. We have tension with Russia, to sharpen our relations with Russia. What for? What do I gain as a country? That is what Mr Tsipras, Mr Mitsotakis and Mr Androulakis, who are not talking, should tell me. They say nothing, they do not react.

The second issue is the disruption of already strained relations with our friend Serbia. It is unthinkable to invite a Serbian Prime Minister to the Delphi Forum while you are participating in a crime against Serbia with Kosovo. This is unthinkable. While Spain and other European countries stood by Serbia and Vucic. So why did I have to go into this spin as a country? Why doesn't the Prime Minister ask anyone? After all, the government is finished. There is no more government, we have a caretaker government that is constantly committing national crimes and blunders.

This is an introduction and I couldn't understand why Mr Tsipras, who sold our Macedonia and Macedonia owes its life to Cretans because they came from Crete to liberate our Macedonia, they were happy to be here, but they took up arms and didn't. And Mr Mitsotakis continues to sell out Macedonia.

Mr Mitsotakis goes and talks about territorial waters in the negotiation with Turkey.It is a great crime to negotiate, since international law gives you 12 nautical miles and Mr Katrougalos is becoming a national hero, he has made a statement about Serbia. We are talking about a tragic situation, tragic for all the suffering that is coming. Why is suffering coming? That is the introduction.

Just to tell you that the Greek solution was attempted by the new democracy to become part of what Mr.Tsipras, Mr.Varoufakis, Mr.Koutsoumpas, said, an apostasy that was born a few months ago. Unfortunately, the new democracy has not understood what a Greek solution means. It doesn't mean that. The new democracy doesn't understand that the leader of the Greek solution, but also the executives are people who think much faster than Mr Mitsotakis. Does the Prime Minister and the team he has next to him, the parastatals, the parahumans of the apostasy, not understand that for us above all and above all is our homeland. Because our Greece is Greece first and Greeks first and because, I will say it in layman's terms, and let the cameras be on.

Some of the politicians in Parliament and many of the front-runners don't get a whiff of what's going on around them. I was brought up in a village. I am proud to be a provincial. From Old Milltown. I've come a long way in my life because I've been working since I was 26 years old. I work, I have companies. I'm not like other people. So, because we caught on and because we figured out what happened. We cut the Gordian knot ourselves. There was no room for defections when for four years I screamed and shouted that we would not co-govern with anyone and the new democracy. So we do not allow anyone to denigrate the members who love the Greek solution, the cadres who love Greece, to have any of us, whether high or low, in the mood to look left and right. Anyone who looks askance is walking away from the Greek solution. Full stop.We are not going on just because I am going to be asked to tell you that in my life I have learned to ask and answer questions with obvious questions. When a publication implicates you, not just one, there were many, it implicates you in a defection. You are obliged. The first order of business is to sue and sue and sue out of court because you are involved in apostasy. To this day there is no such lawsuit from the gentlemen who are alleged to have been the apostates. So we are therefore heading into government clean, transparent, crystal clear, without weights. Let's be clear, we will not be in government with any of them. Period, Paula.