Citizens of Heraklion, I have come to this square many times. But this time, I feel it, you feel it too, the time for change has come! You are signing it today here in Heraklion! Crete is signing it! Crete is signing the Contract of Change with your presence today. Because at every critical turn in history, Crete has always been ahead. And today is such a moment. History calls Crete and Crete calls History! This Sunday, for the second time in 30 years, Crete is again chasing a Mitsotakis from the Maximou Mansion! Citizens of Heraklion, wherever I have been these days, one thing is the feeling of the people: enough is enough! Enough with the arrogance! Enough with obscenity! Enough of this indifference! So much for family rule! Enough of injustice! And today, this is the message you are giving here in Heraklion. Or, to put it another way, as you say it here in Crete, "no more bullying"!

And to recall the words of a beautiful song sung by your fellow countryman, Garganourakis, "Words and years lost", these words and years lost, it is time to charge this Sunday to the ballot box. The big words about prosperity, about better wages, about lower taxes, about protecting the middle class. But also the four years that have hurt us.

The sad pan-European pandemic, the billions of direct awards, the propaganda of "Information 107" with the Petsas lists, the interceptions and the parastate, the precision that brought households and businesses to their knees, the houses and property marked by the crows, the youth that were so unjustly lost in Tempe two months ago. None of this, I assure you and we pledge, will be forgotten. And none of this will be allowed to happen again.

Change, my friends, citizens of Heraklion, is not a slogan that we have learned from the past. It is a demand of society, of the everyday man, the man of work, the small and medium-sized businessman, the farmer, the stockbreeder, the young man, every man who wants to live and breathe in this country. Greece will turn the page. And your gathering today confirms it. It is the most reliable poll. Just like the rallies we held in Thessaloniki, Ioannina, Volos, Agrinio, all over Greece.

And you know what is also very reliable proof of victory, reliable as long as it doesn't get? The fear and panic of Mr. Mitsotakis these days. The fear and panic that he can't hide. And it shows who he is, how he thinks and how he reacts, now that the snakes of defeat have been feeding on him. As soon as he was faced with a bit of a tough question in this debate - which he didn't want the two of us to go to in any way, and it's probably a good thing the man did, but he thought he was going to hide behind the other four - as soon as a tough question was asked, he confessed on his own to the wiretapping scandal.

As soon as Androulakis said that he wants to see those who framed him in jail, I said the obvious, that we will conduct a preliminary inquiry to investigate in depth the biggest scandal of the post-revolution, as if he had been electrocuted. And he said yesterday - he did not say, he was crying - that we want to put him in jail. But why is this man so innocent that he did not know, that he did not hear, that he did not see? Is he afraid of justice, which never stops for a moment to say that he trusts it? Why does a man so very innocent behave like a guilty man? But unfortunately, friends, he has done something much worse, which shows his true face.

He did not hesitate yesterday to say that the lawsuit filed by the relatives of the victims of the accident in Tempe constitutes an instrumentalisation of this accident. And I wonder: Instrumentalisation by the people who lost their children? We were told today that he did not say that. I want to read to you here, word for word, what he said: "I'm sorry that this issue is being instrumentalized in this way just days before the election. And I believe that the justified anger of the victims' relatives also does not justify this kind of behaviour."

I watched and re-watched that statement, because I couldn't believe my ears. That is what he said, without shame on the part of the person responsible for the tragedy and for covering up the tragedy. She went so far as to insult in the most brutal and inhuman way those who have lost their children. And I wonder: How much lower can a prime minister stoop? How much lower can a human being sink? Let's forget about politics here. Because, precisely, this man does not care, does not feel! And it is unfair for Greece and the Greeks to have a prime minister who does not understand, who does not feel the pain, who cannot feel the anguish of the people, who cannot care about ordinary, everyday people, who cannot care about their grief, their anguish.

doesn't feel and doesn't care. Those two words are what characterize him; he doesn't care about the people at work. If he did care, he would not impose the labor jungle; he would not abolish the eight-hour workweek; he would not institute unpaid overtime; he would not dismantle the Labor Inspectorate so that workers would have no one to rely on.

does not care about the households, otherwise he would not lead them to despair. 40% reduced purchasing power for those households with an income of up to 700 euros. Eurostat finds this, not SYRIZA. Drastically reduced nominal and real wages in '22. The OECD finds this, not Syriza.

40 billion increase in private debt, 50 billion increase in public debt. Half of Greece, 4,250,000 Greeks are in debt, they have bad debts to banks, to the tax authorities, to the social security funds. And 700,000 households are worried that tomorrow they will lose their homes in the auctions, because Mr Mitsotakis has passed them on to the funds.

So he doesn't care about them; he doesn't care about the middle class, which he has deceived. If he did, he wouldn't have cheated them so vulgarly. He gave them salons, made them live on food stamps. Supermarket vouchers, electricity vouchers, petrol vouchers.

He doesn't care about public health. If he did, he wouldn't have wrecked the NHS, resulting in these pandemic hundreds.

It does not care about young people and young people. If it did, it would not throw 20,000 children out of university every year with the Minimum Entrance Requirement that it put on the national exams. He wouldn't have locked out departments and schools in the region. He would send teachers, not policemen, to the country's universities. If he cared about young people, about education, about the future of this country.

But the worst thing is that he doesn't even care about democracy. He has organized the parastate with the Mansion Maximou at its center. He has made wiretapping a tool of his regime, bribery and blackmail his weapon and attempted to manipulate honest judges through insecurity and fear.

But at this point I want to make a parenthesis. I do not often do this, especially when I am in Crete, because I am addressing a minority of Cretans. But we honour them. I will address the conservative people, I will address the voters of New Democracy, those who vote for their own principles and their own values, which we may disagree with, but we respect. Not to those who eat. To those who do not eat. Not everyone eats. Many do eat, it's true, but not all. So I want to address the honest voters of the New Republic and ask them: Is this the New Democracy of your founder, Constantine Karamanlis?

Do you deserve a Prime Minister who eavesdrops and peers from the Predator keyhole in his office at half the political system? A prime minister who collects material to blackmail half of Greece? We may not agree on much, but there's one thing I'm sure we'll agree on: That this is the most immoral thing any Greek prime minister has ever done in this country. So even if you do not disagree with Mitsotakis' policies, I am sure you disagree with his ethics. So don't give him a blank cheque with your vote so that he can be laundered and spend the next four years doing even worse for democracy. We all have a responsibility with our vote.

So I was saying that Mr Mitsotakis, I was saying that he doesn't care. But do you want me to tell you something? He doesn't care about many people. There are some he cares about. There are a few that he cares about and he is misunderstood. The houses that are being lost, some people are snatching them up. That's who he cares about. Out of the wages of poverty come the profits of wealth. For those who make it, he cares. From obscenity in electricity, supermarket, fuel, some people stuff bills in tax havens. That's who he cares about. And they, you know what? They didn't work, they worked. Because that was his policy. Right before our eyes he has embarked, with plan and cynicism, on the greatest redistribution of wealth and property since World War II to date. And woe betide him if there is a second four-year term. He is capable of giving even Knossos to the funds and evicting you.

Because, citizens of Heraklion, he cares for a few and powerful. It cares about the army of day labourers who have distributed billions from direct commissions, companies set up a few days before the tenders, the blue children and, as we have aptly named them, the 'blue locusts'. He cares about the big business groups that took the money from the Recovery Fund instead of giving it to infrastructure for the public good, while the small and medium sized businesses, 96% of the businesses in our country, cannot even get past the banks, not to sit at the counter for loans. He cares about these 15 listed companies that have set a 20-year record of profitability, with over 1 billion in profits each in '22. Yes, he cares about them.

And what does he want? To forget everything that has happened over the years by going to the polls. What did he tell us yesterday? "Nobody votes for what happened yesterday, but for the future." Really now, Mr Mitsotakis? Is this what you say when your whole election campaign is about what we did in '15? So nobody cares, do they? What does it say to the voters? Forget what happens to you when you go to the supermarket and you see the prices and you find that the bill is not coming out.

Forget if you are a young couple and you can't open a house because the salaries in Greece are Bulgarian salaries and the rents are British, London rents.

Forget, he says, if you are a shopkeeper, the debt collectors who are after you and have become your nightmare.

Forget if you are a pensioner, the 13th pension given to you by Syriza. I promised to keep it and I cut it off.

Forget it, if you are a farmer and you are devastated by the prices of fertilizers, animal feed, oil, forget it all!

Forget everything that happened four years ago and everything you've been dragging out. Forget it when you go behind the screen. And give Mr Mitsotakis a chance to move on. To do what to you, that is? Finish you off. Trust the future to the man who burned our present and our past! No, Mr. Mitsotakis. The past four years describe in the darkest colours the four years you are preparing. That is why the Greek people, with their vote, will not let you complete this project! That is why we say that the future of the country is political change. And if tomorrow is a change, it is because your yesterday, Mr Mitsotakis, needed it, as you have done for four years.

But it tells us that change means adventures, SYRIZA means adventures, while its regime means stability. Stability in obscenity, stability in injustice, stability in inequality, stability in family rule. Good stability!
But what does he mean by saying that? Especially to young people? Sit on your haunches, that is what he is saying. Do not speak. Don't resist, don't even dream. So I answer this: His own stability is insecurity, worry, anxiety for the many. Because there is no stability anywhere in the world, nor in our country, without justice. There is no stability without democracy. There is no stability without social cohesion. Which is to say, there is no prospect of stability in the country without change. That is why the real dilemma ultimately for the people is: Mitsotakis or stability? And the answer is: SYRIZA on Sunday for a government of progressive cooperation, for a government of stability and longevity.

Because, indeed, SYRIZA, the great force for change, is the most effective force for stability in the country. Because stability means security in people's lives. Stability means modern public health care, modern public education, support for the vulnerable. Stability means a sense of security at work. Pillars of stability are not big words, but what the Contract for Change that SYRIZA published the day before yesterday, with its 11 articles, is binding. We, you know, have kept Greece standing in the difficult times. We were tested under siege. We learned to measure every step we take by the good of the country and not the good of the party.

We led Greece out of the memoranda, into the markets. We endowed the stability of the country with 37 billion left in the public coffers, because our hands were honest. People's money that we respected to the last euro. Let us not be lectured on stability by the Party that threw the country into the maelstrom of bankruptcy, left it in 2009 with a 15% deficit and in '15 with empty coffers. It is too much for you to talk to us about stability! And this time, we can say it with certainty: We know how to get the country out of the crisis, we can get the country out of the crisis. We know, we can. That is the assurance we give.

We know and we can breathe life into the economy by raising the minimum wage to €880 and introducing indexation.

We know and we can protect the first home, commercial housing, agricultural land from auctions.

We know and we can support the middle class with tax relief, incentives for financing from European and domestic resources, with a reduction of bureaucracy.

We know and we can decisively strengthen the welfare state.

We know and can open up a path to education and employment for young children.

We know and we can protect our cultural heritage, to upgrade our culture. We have the knowledge, the experience, but above all we can. Because we are asking not for a second chance, but for the first chance to govern without memoranda, without the Troika, without coercion. To govern with our will, with our programme and not with our musts! And we have the people to achieve this.

I want that motto shouted four nights from now. On Sunday coming up, I want you to shout that motto. And we can make it happen! We can achieve the great victory of the people and of democracy and form a progressive government on May 22. Once again Crete will set the tone in this battle. And once again it will be Crete that will drive the Right and a Mitsotakis from the Maximou Mansion! You can be sure of that. It is getting close!

But we have, I was saying, citizens of Heraklion, apart from knowledge, experience and capabilities, we also have people. A comparison of the Syriza and New Democracy state ballots is enough to show who has the comparative advantage in human resources. So we have both the programme and the plan and the people to implement it. A programme costed euro for euro, drawn up through years of dialogue with social groups, confirmed by leading expert technocrats and scientists. With responsibility and determination, we therefore ask the Greek people to give us the mandate to govern. A mandate for change and progressive governance.  

But they say that our programme is expensive. Who says that? Those who have given EUR 10 billion in subsidies in one year to the obscenity of the electricity industry. They say it. It is said by those who gave EUR 10 billion again in one year in direct awards. They are the ones saying this who owe their party EUR 400 million to the banks, borrowed and unpaid, but no one says a word to them and they are preparing to evict ordinary citizens for EUR 5 000 and 10 000.
They know about costing. That is why our programme seemed expensive to them. Well, I want to tell you a truth today: our programme has a cost. It will be expensive. Do you know to whom? To those who are right to be concerned.

Our program will cost the funds dearly because they will not take the property of ordinary people, who took the loans at 25% and want to get back 100%. It will cost dearly our program to the energy cartels because it will stop the fairy tale of obscenity, sky-high profits. It will cost dearly to the gas-guzzlers of government contracts and the contractors of direct awards, because it will end on Monday the party they have been throwing for four years.  So it will cost some people dearly. And you know what? They show they're scared, they show they're worried. Remember a few days ago, a video came out. It was a businessman, one of those who our program will cost him dearly, threatening his workers with dismissal if they vote for Syriza, next to the gleeful Minister of Development.

So yes, our programme will cost them dearly. Because our programme will give workers, the middle class, small and medium-sized entrepreneurs a breathing space, rights. And it will protect public wealth. So our programme that we presented the day before yesterday, the Contract for Change, has 11 articles. But, I am telling you to remember it simply and clearly, so that you can take it to every village in Heraklion and Crete, so that every pensioner knows when he votes for Syriza what will happen. So by voting for SYRIZA, we will have: Wage increases, price reductions, debt regulation and a fair, effective, strong welfare state next to the citizen. This is what a vote for SYRIZA means. This is the Contract for Change. Four simple things.

But because justice sometimes has to be expedited, we, you know, have prepared a legislative act to be signed on the recommendation of the government and even before Parliament is constituted. This legislative act has three articles:

The first article is the suspension of all first home auctions until we establish, legislate the framework of fair regulation that will give breathing space.  The fiscal cost, they talk to us about the costs: zero.

The second article is the removal from these exams of the Minimum Entrance Requirement, which cuts off about 20,000 students from higher education every year, so that the children know it, so that they can intensify their efforts and their studies. Because this year there will be no artificial hand of Ms. Kerameos to cut them off to show them the way to colleges. Fiscal cost? Zero.

And the third article, which has a fiscal cost, much smaller than the state's over-recovery from the high VAT, is the reduction of VAT on all foodstuffs to the minimum rate and to zero rate for basic foodstuffs, milk, bread, baby food. The reduction of the Special Consumption Tax to the lowest level provided for by the European Union and the abolition of the reimbursement for the farmer and the livestock farmer who will be able to put oil at the pump without paying the Special Consumption Tax.

These three are provided for in the legislative act. We have it ready and it is our commitment that we will sign it if you will give us the opportunity with your vote to be the first party next Sunday to form a government.

The Contract of Change certainly provides for the return of the 13th pension to pensioners. It provides for the reimbursement of the retroactive payments following the decision of the Council of State (CoE), which was taken away by Mr Mitsotakis. 7 billion euros over four years. It provides for the restoration of equality for all pensioners, so that those who have a personal difference can also receive increases - under our law this is the case - from now on, from July. That is what our programme provides for.

But I want to say, citizens of Heraklion, the Contract for Change is a realistic and costed proposal, it is feasible and every democratic citizen recognizes what will happen the next day. But it is not only addressed to citizens. It is also addressed to the progressive democratic forces. It is also a call for consultation. To those forces that hopefully understand that it matters and matters who governs the country the next day.

Because I have heard some of our comrades on the left say that SYRIZA and New Democracy are the same in their programme. Really, dear comrades? Is it the same if the next day the worker will have a refuge, will he have Collective Labour Agreements, will he have a better wage, will he have a Labour Inspectorate? Is it the same whether overtime will not be unpaid and the eight-hour day will be re-instituted, with the continuation of this government that has ruined everything?

And others say they have a two-front. And at the same time, they pretend to be the exclusive spiritual heirs of the legacy of Andreas Papandreou. But if there was one thing that Papandreou left us, it was that he never made a two-front with the right and the progressive forces. He always had one front: The Right. So that is what we are saying today: One is our front, not the other progressive forces. Our front is only the worst right of the post-war period. The right of Kyriakos Mitsotakis. So that is why we are making a proposal for cooperation, we are extending our hands of cooperation to the progressive forces. And above all, we address the sovereign people and say: It matters a great deal who will be first next Sunday.

We may have simple proportional representation, but that does not mean that we will not have simple logic. If Mr Mitsotakis is first, he will secure another four years. If Syriza is first, it will ensure Change, democracy, justice, and a progressive government of cooperation. This is the dilemma of next Sunday. Change is therefore change for people's lives, but it is also change for Crete. Let me say a few words about Crete too.

Crete has always been a pioneer in the struggle for Change and Democracy. And I know, Crete is with us! SYRIZA will be first in all of Crete. Once again! Next Sunday night, Crete will put on its festive clothes, we will celebrate in this square. But change for Crete means, to say a few words about Crete, upgrading the port of Heraklion, which was left to disintegrate in order to be sold off. It means developing the Nikos Kazantzakis airport, for which nothing has been done in the last four years. It means completing the airport at Kastelli immediately.

It means running the BOAK, for which SYRIZA prepared everything and Mr Mitsotakis, after four years of delays, declares that it is finally starting, but he is charging double tolls for the citizens of Crete.

Change for Crete also means to untie without delay the support and rehabilitation measures for those affected by the earthquake in Arkalochori, who have been abandoned to their fate.

It means to finally restore the road network in Chania, which has been affected by the natural disaster. For four years nothing has been done.

It means to immediately abolish the law that turned the 5 largest museums, including Heraklion, into Public Law Entities. Because for us, our culture is our soul.

It means strengthening the NHS in Crete by supporting all public hospitals in terms of medical and nursing staff and creating new Local Health Units.

It means doubling the funding of the university institutions of Crete and doubling the number of its professors over four years. Because we aim to recruit professors in universities, not police officers. Police officers will go to the neighbourhood to fight crime. Professors in the universities! Student welfare for students. Dormitories. That's our plan.

It also means giving the prospect of support and breathing space to the suffering agricultural and livestock farming community. With a series of measures, starting with zero excise duty on agricultural and livestock oil, the cap on agricultural and livestock electricity, but also the simple, self-evident things. Because those who called themselves 'excellent' did not even achieve the obvious: Nor did the "excellent" ones, who were probably missing an "x" in the word, achieve the timely and fair payment of aid. It was not the "excellent" who did not even get the right words in the first place.

Citizens of Heraklion, this is the proposal of SYRIZA. Democratic understanding, progressive government from the next elections. This is the proposal we put before the Greek people, asking for their mandate. That is why we say that SYRIZA's victory on Sunday will also be a mandate for us. A mandate for the formation of a government and for Change. From this ballot box. There will be no other ballot box. Do not listen to what they say. With a SYRIZA victory there will be no second ballot.

So I call on all of you, all democratic citizens of Crete, to declare your support for SYRIZA at the ballot box on Sunday. Declare your decision for a progressive government in the country by voting for SYRIZA on Sunday. Sign the 11 Articles Contract for Change at the ballot box. I call on you, here, from Eleftherias Square, with Justice Street in front of me - the most decisive point to call on you to do this - I call on you to put Crete back in front of this great democratic call. Put SYRIZA first and by far, in all the prefectures of Crete, on Sunday. Let us make it possible for our people to rewrite history on Sunday. To bring democracy to power, to raise the sun of justice over our country once again. To bring justice everywhere, justice for all!

So I want to ask you in these days, in these hours, to fight this battle together for victory and the great victory! Do not listen to the Cassandras of a power that is panicking. For us the safest criterion is our contact, our interaction with ordinary, everyday people. A safer criterion and a victory performance are gatherings like today's. Compare our rally today with the one that Mr Mitsotakis held in Heraklion and you will understand exactly what will happen next Sunday.

But I want to make a special appeal to those who, if they decide to go to the polls en masse, we should send a volunteer help team from today to the Maximus Mansion so that Mr Mitsotakis can pack his things and untangle the Predator cables there. I am addressing the young people and I say to them that if they really want to punish those who have disparaged them, those who have targeted them - even the young people were responsible for the spread of the coronavirus - those who authoritatively beat them up in the squares, those who cut them off in the universities, those who have them, if they work, with unpaid overtime, those who have them living until they are 35 in their parents' house because they cannot raise a family, those who are driving them to emigrate abroad en masse to find a job with dignity, I am therefore addressing these 450.000 young voters and the other 500 000 older voters, up to 30 years old, and I say to them: If you want to punish this regime, there is only one option: Defeat this regime. Otherwise it is not punished. And the defeat of the Mitsotakis regime means a victory for Syriza in Sunday's elections. So here is the most profoundly antisystemic, the most profoundly punitive vote for the coming Sunday! It is the vote for SYRIZA. The vote that will punish the Mitsotakis regime.

So I want to ask you and invite you, in the coming days and hours, not to stop for a moment, to meet in every village, to meet in every home. We are not communicating with the media, the "broke" media, which have been stuffed with state money to propagandize the government.

But we communicate with our hearts, with our souls, with our ideas. And so we will communicate until the ballot box, the message of Victory, the message of Change! And I see it in your faces! Change has already come! We are already ahead! Not only in Crete, in all of Greece! So let's go on Sunday to make history. To raise the sun of justice. Change, citizens of Heraklion, is already outside our doors. With our vote, let us open the door to Change, let us open the door to Justice, let us open the door to Democracy.

Crete shows the way. I invite you on Sunday evening to celebrate with the people in this square. Not the vested interests and the day laborers. On election night, let the Cretan lyre play happy songs in this square, with the people, for the people. For the eagles and not for the grasshoppers! Be well! Good strength, good fight, until victory! You have given the message of victory. Our rally today was the best show of victory. We're not going for victory. We're going for victory by a margin! Let's shut down progressive government this Sunday! Goodbye!
