Look, we are in Serres and that is why it is important to honour the political tradition of this place.
Constantine Karamanlis, a political opponent of the Left, comes from Serres. I grew up in a family that pulsated with anti-Caramanism, but we must respect the fact that there is a tradition in this place.
Constantine Karamanlis, despite the disagreements he would have had with us if the man were alive at this moment. How would he feel?
For what they have done to the PPP, which was one of his great projects for Constantine Karamanlis when he was prime minister in the 50s.
57 58; 59; He saw and felt sorry for the private sector.
The PPP, why did he build it? Because the private sector couldn't coordinate and create e.
A nationwide network for the production and distribution of electricity and he says, Karamanlis, we'll build it and he builds the PPC from the Greek people's savings and he did very well and now all these predatory PASOKs have come. That was the first to break. The PPC. Syriza.
Energy Exchange George Stathakis with Alexis Tsipras were promising us rabbits and stones for the PPC because of the energy exchange that was.
Cafe of misery where 5 oligarchs are among themselves and decide what to waste you.
Kyriakos Mitsotakis, he tied up to McQuary small PPC what was left of PPC to CVC
I think. eventually, when we go every last year and better. even the right of Constantine Karamanlis. He had a. philocnonic pro-growth.
Tendency, opinion, conscience that what all these PASOK, New Democracy, SYRIZA, the breaking of the public electricity company. It goes against the basic principles of even a Konstantinos Karamanlis, and I feel the need to say this here in Serres. And it's interesting to compare the way in which. The right operated under Karamanlis. With the way the right operates under Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
Karamanlis saw himself, for better or worse, as a guarantee of social cohesion.
As a guarantee of a normality and he could not think of anything else.  To do in his life. His goal was.
To the end to be in this particular existence, no matter that he was a political opponent of the left of the defeated emon?