We as a parliamentary party have achieved
One thing.
We put the no to this.
That amazing, brave, magnificent NO of 05/07/2015 we put it back in the Parliament, we were alone in it, the only one,
We support that No in Parliament. Do you know that?
I have to say it because the M.C.E. did not support the NO. Do you remember that?
He said that it was an illusion to vote no.
The only one who supports that no. We in Parliament.
The second thing we did is that.
We went beyond no because saying no after a while is tiring. You can't keep saying no, you have to say something positive.
We have tabled one bill after another. We have done work.
We are just a handful of MPs.
If you look at the parliamentary work we have done in the last four years, it is equivalent to a party with 70 MPs.
Look at this is objectively true now whether you agree or disagree with us? In any case, the work that has been done is enormous. We have tabled a proposal on Demeter, on Ulysses, on red loans, on tax, amendments, on education, amendments, on health.
We show what could be done instead of what is being done, because there is nothing that kills people's souls more than the feeling that what is being done is very bad for people, but there is no alternative.
That combination of having convinced people out there is a big majority.
That yes everything they are doing is against us.
But what can we do? There is no alternative to the What are you saying now? You for ruptures and so on this combination of submission?
And pessimism is part of the desertification of our country.
Our goal when we take down a bill, we draft a bill.
It has got the government's bill. We are taking down a bill as we did in December 2021 a multi-bill on a number of issues from public property, private property.
Even on what to do with ELSTAT the Greek Statistical Service.
We're not doing it because we think Mitsotakis will say A What a great idea, we'll take it and legislate it. No we are doing it to show you what could be done.
If we had a progressive government.
Because a sacred obligation of opposition parties is not just to say no. It's to show you on paper, not in words on paper. What bill would we have legislated if you had sent us to the benches of the coalition, not the opposition.
That's the only way democracy moves forward. Unfortunately, in the public debate that is now taking place in the run-up to the election.
None of this; cockfighting.
Only cockfighting, because you know?
After all, some people say to me, but John, the country shouldn't be governed.
The country must not be governed, there must not be a government, of course there must be a government.
A government that has a program that is coherent. Mitsotakis is right about one thing.
Do you remember this one? You may hear it in Thessaloniki, at the international exhibition now in September. When was it?
Last September, she had said.
That she had actually said not in these words, but something like this.
If you vote for me and he makes me prime minister again, do you know that he will wait? Have you seen 4 years? What I did this I will do, I will continue to do.
The others who talk about progressive governance, what will they do. He's right. Oh, all and all.
He said something right.