That's why we now 2 years.
We suggest to anyone or everyone.
This is defined as progressive, they say, we are progressive, we will not judge who is progressive. We are not like the KKE who say you make us you don't make us you are a mound of the system we don't talk to you because you are not as pure as we are. No. Whoever's judging. Does PASOK consider itself progressive? Good. You are.
Along the way will show other nice, let's take it for granted SYRIZA SYRIZA who was come to talk.
Pre-election to sit down, to see and red loans what we will do about taxation, what we will do about education? What are we going to do about health, about the national health system I'm going to do, are we going to let it die the way it's dying and how are we going to save it, where are we going to get the money to do, let's talk.
Time out, months before the election, we've been proposing this for 2 years and what do they tell us?
After the election, look after the election.
You know how it works here Sunday there is an election, we will know the results at 4am, Monday morning.
9am the President will give the nomination to someone.
By Wednesday night a government has to be formed Monday morning to Wednesday night.
Let's at the most share a ministerial car between us, shall we?
We didn't make day 25 to hand out ministerial cars. Never mind that I don't get into a car with a motorbike.
So basically what are they saying?
They're saying they're not interested in a progressive government. They want to be the same ministers and prime ministers with a progressive face, with a cloth that says we are Progress.
So of the left and progress. But that's the worst you can do on the Left.
Conquering power, usurping it.
Yes, you implement unpopular measures because the Troika says so, and what can we do? Because otherwise they will close our banks and to do this in the name of the Left is over Left, there is no Left. Then there will be a chance that a young person will ever hear the word left and not go away and get out of here too.
Well, let's be clear.
We.
Since they have closed the door to dialogue and there is no room for a coherent coherent government program to be worked out after the election, we will blackball you.
And our role will be in the House more and more to continue to do what we have been doing and.
Not just an extension of the previous four years.