May Day now, the day after tomorrow, when you open your utility bills, your electricity bills, you will see something very unpleasant. Can you imagine? There is a charge in favor of the deddy deddy is the company one of the opportunities created after the breakup? The public electricity company, the PPC, a company which Mitsotakis S.A. has handed over, has sold within quotes to a criminal organisation, a bank of yours and holds them Australia, they call it Macquarie and here we are. There's a camera I call them criminals and I very much urge them to sue me. The people are clearly criminals.
Their criminal careers do not start here and we will give you an example. They went to Britain years ago and bought the water company of the London borough of London. Does any city on the outskirts, London, have a water company. And overall sewage sewers. They gave £5 billion. 2 They gave the 3 they borrowed it by mortgaging the company they bought like I come to your house say give me a loan you I'll buy it from you and I'll mortgage it to your house I'll mortgage it and then in the next few years extraordinarily did McQuarrie with the London water company loaded a total of 10.4 or 10.5 billion pounds of debt on that company and what did they do with it? Why does London have a water supply problem? It rains in the summer season, sewage falls into the river, the sea is the same, not in the 10 billion borrowed, by mortgaging the former public.
Water and sewerage enterprise put it in their pockets. It's a criminal organization now because I'm talking to you about this McQuarrie? Mr. Mitsotakis sold the tithing when he knows what will happen on 01/05?
The fee that you are paying today is 52 cents, 4.44 € per kilowatt hour from 52 cents to 444 cents, an increase of 750%. The Greek citizens for a company that is absolutely monopoly there is not even the pretense that there is agonistic. It is a company that brings the electricity to your house, the DEDDIE, and comes and bangs on your Harachi. And you know what they're going to do with that money? It's going to the Cayman Islands.
There's a predatory fund coming in from Ireland based in Delaware with a bank account in the Cayman Islands. And they go and they take your house. Have you?
Have you bought it in the good times? Let's say 150,000 you had a loan 100k 50 out of your pocket 100 loan out of 100 loan you had paid off 50 at some point you can't pay it off because of the crisis, not because you're because of the crisis you lost your job, your business wasn't doing well. Fine, it could be a house, it could be a shop.
Where you owed 50 you had given the 100 the 150 grand to buy the house where you owed 50 the 50 with overcoats became 100 and here comes the headfund this predatory fund. The strangest thing is that it goes and buys your loan which is now 100,000 by giving 3000. 3000 has been brought from abroad and this, Mr. Mitsotakis considers it a direct foreign investment, what do you think?
Great investment investment investment what will do any work here? If he does they will put you under the hammer for 50 grand the house you had bought 150 grand you have already paid your pocket 100 you have paid out of your pocket 100 you have put that in, you have paid off the 50,000 and you have put 50 your pocket made 150 they are selling it 50 they have given 3 and 47 they are putting it in their pocket. Actually in their Cayman Islands account. Mitsotakis A E on the basis of electronic auctions introduced by Mr Tsipras in 2017. This is the truth. Doesn't matter if we're day 25 alliance for the Rift we're telling you? No please our political opponents. Say what of what I just said either about the TENE, or about the predatory funds, it is not true say that they discredit these companies either and they do not say it we in Parliament 4 years now these things we say over and over again I have in front of me Kyriakos Mitsotakis and I say to him that what you are doing with the predatory funds is criminal, because you know I do something else. You know your children and your grandchildren have been guaranteed a minimum or minimal profit from all this looting of people's homes and shops. Minimum profit 23 billion. Do you know what that means? That if we don't get it something is done and they couldn't put the hammer down to get that money? To pan to the Cayman Islanders You guys we are guaranteeing our children, our grandchildren a minimum profit at 23 billion. Do you know how much our government is giving to our entire national health care system? Five and a half to the whole education system and from there five and a half to six, that is, the total of health and education is around 11 and Mr Mitsotakis has guaranteed 23 billion minimum profit.
In these funds, which the state does not have to give to need, your children will borrow them from the troika with conditions.
It will not be the memorandum. The growth of Greece is not a problem. Finding imaginative lies.