Because it's, it's very, very hot here today and I can see that you're getting cold and I want to apologize because we don't do that. You know in Merra25 usually
We say, we start at 8 and we start at 8. Today I apologize for being late.
It had to do with our own organizational problems, it's nice to have an apology, isn't it?
Before I greet you
And again I'll make an appointment for the next time we'll be here after the first election and before the second election. I want to ask those who, or whoever.
who will grace and honor the Day 25 ballot in Serres to stand up.
As I read your names bright Genius-Michalopoulou.
Fotini, welcome to our ballot paper.
Alexia Theodoridou.
Hello Alexia.
Panagiotis Kotronis.
Hello Panagiotis.
Thomas, Boudourides.
Hello, Thomas.
Stavros Papaioannou.
Stavros.
Michael Pistioli.
Hello, Michael.
And Sophia Florou.
Hello, Sophia.
Closing and saying goodbye.
To all of you and thanking you.
A very simple request.
Let's enjoy it, folks, because democracy, even this flimsy hollow bourgeois democracy has a wild beauty.
So many people fought. We recently had the anniversary of 21/04, they gave their blood so that we could have the ability to speak without being booed by security.
To go to the polls, to cast our vote. That alone does not bring democracy.
It is not a sufficient condition for democracy, but it is a necessary condition and because we still have a party. The Day 25 coalition for the break we say, what we believe and we believe what we say and there are no shadows.
We are not afraid of the political cost, as the story of Demeter proves, we are not hiding, we say everything as we feel and we feel as we say it, which means that we can pour into the streets, in Serres, throughout Greece.
Carrying the truths about what is happening to the people, to the people to whom it is happening, who don't know it because the media of mass deception and deception hide it from them.
And have fun and have fun a lot. It's revolutionary to have a good time while doing politics. Thank you very much.
Come on up.
Come on up, candidates and candidates
