What we said is that we want to build a system which is independent and close the banks, you can trade with each other for free.
But you will close the banks.
Have you heard of a mighty Swiss bank Credit Swiss, which collapsed, closed down a few weeks ago?
There the depositors had no problem there, because there is a mighty Swiss state which had money and basically covered the deposits of the people both through the government and through the Ministry of Finance and through the Central Bank. Because they have Swiss francs there; we don't have say that there deposits are guaranteed up to 100,000 by whom? By the state. Where will you find them? If the National Bank and Piraeus collapse? We say there's a DIMITRA system. It doesn't solve the problem of a banking crisis. But it does reduce costs.
Because you have a system that does not depend on the bankers, they don't waste you like they do now to go pay here in the cafe with a card, you will darken the soul of the owner and because they will eat whatever percentage of profit this man here that man has, the banker will eat it through the plastic card I see sometimes I have no change on me and I go to pay with a card, and there goes the man, there goes the other one to melt. He doesn't say anything to me he's polite. So we want to make such a system, which is very, very simple.
Each VAT account to have an account and you don't have codes to go in and pay; with such codes more simple with a mobile app. The technology is very simple now. Mr. Pierrakakis has built so many platforms. Let's build one ourselves. You don't want Demeter say something else if you don't like Demeter, so that we can make payments without giving gouaches to the bankers and have a payment system that will not fall if there is a problem in the banks.
You want to steal the banks like you shut them down in 15 who says we shut down the banks in 15 is like saying really not dicey if it's a historical parallel, it's like saying that about the occupation.
For the occupation it was the no that the Greek people said.
To Mussolini.
What did we say? We were ordered to cut the social security. Do you remember what the ESAS is? A man who received a 200 euro pension, he was receiving the ESAS, but he had given up 150 euros and would almost give something to the ESAS, i.e. he went from 200 to 350 euros, and the whole central banker of the European Central Bank came.
As if he was not ashamed. Mr. Draghi, Mrs. Lagarde. From Washington, from the IMF. Tell us what. You have to cut that out. Cut it out. And if you don't. If you don't cut it, I'm going to close the banks. Well, some of us then said close the banks.