So, let's get to the big and most important question. It says in the PASOK programme. And SYRIZA's. End to auctions first home protection in PASOK will talk about the Katseli law, which was a very positive law when it was passed, because it did put a brake on auctions? We can send and that was the only good thing that happened in the period from 2011 onwards. But today with Hercules, which was first passed by Syriza creating the digital secondary market for loans and then Mitsotakis came in and built Hercules on top of that. Now that there is Hercules. Think about it. Is it possible to protect the first home, the small business, the farmland? Why is farmland in this maelstrom of red loans? How are you going to protect these properties? At a time when there is Hercules, a market in which red loans are bought and sold at the speed of light all the time, in which the basic housing is in the red loans, in which the small shop is in the red loans, in which the agricultural land is in the red loans. How is this going to be done? Will the market collapse if you put it up for auction, or to put it another way. The fund I mentioned before from Ireland that has taken the red loan of the man I referred to. If he doesn't allow that fund to put it under the hammer, stop the auction. This fund loses whatever money it can get right. Which means what that means is the clause will be triggered with the public guarantee of 23 billion, which means a progressive administration will have to if we freeze the auctions, go to Lagarde, get 23 billion, get it into the funds. Well, they weren't slaughtered. That's what we're going to do, that's the unity of the left? So that's not possible. The only way to stop the public bailout from being activated is to abolish Hercules? PASOK, SYRIZA united determined, do not touch Hercules commitment to the Troika Hercules is untouched Hercules and dry bread, which means that they sell us fumaroles want unity to become ministers. We don't want unity to protect people. The only way to protect the world from Hercules is to abolish Hercules. Instituting, legislating Ulysses, a public company to manage red loans.
They take the red loans there you pay as a borrower a fixed fee every month, small not to exceed 1/6 of disposable income if you have below a certain level of income, you pay nothing, freeze the loan forever, you stay in. You operate in your shop, you farm your land. You can't sell it because that would be unfair to the person who paid off their loan. At some point an arrangement is made with Ulysses. Either you sell it or a way is found, there's a big haircut in perpetuity. The point is to stop the bleeding, stop the looting, stop the exportation of billions to the Cayman Islands. So Alexis Tsipras, do you want progressive governance? Let's talk about Hercules. When we proposed this 2 years ago to talk about him they did or we did something simple. We held a conference in Athens, in the arts, in Technopolis, in Gazi. If you remember the old Gazi and we invited them to come and talk. Years ago, from 2 years ago before the election campaign, calmly Fine tell us what you think we can tell you and we moment. Luca Katseli came because she's an old colleague at the University of Athens SYRIZA, zero zero, guerrilla zero. We continue. This is the first looting mechanism. I call it a goose that lays golden eggs for the oligarchy without borders.