Two so far your mechanisms of plunder. And of our children. Hercules, stock market, energy. Let's go to the third. Superfund and banks. Combination, superfund and banks. Now why am I linking these? First of all, let me remind you what is the Super Fund? It is something that does not exist anywhere else in the world. Have you listened to the journalists of the interconnectedness? How they attacked us when they themselves went public and did us good? Thank you for this Demeter system of digital transactions. Question, Mr Varoufakis. Where in the European Union, Demetra has been implemented. Nowhere will we implement it because we have the greatest need for it and we have thought about it, but is it possible to implement something in Greece that has not been implemented anywhere else? Yes, the Hyperfund is also applied in Greece and it has not been applied anywhere, but they have no problem with innovation when it comes to a looting mechanism and you are right to say so. So, raptor for the oligarchy without borders, what is the Supercapital? Did they set up a company? Company. What's its name, I've now forgotten its name? The Superfund. And they put in this Super Fund. Into this company all the public property that's left of the public property. And it's a lot of stuff, highways, beaches, archaeological sites. Whole areas that have not been developed, fortunately they have not been developed because they would have been destroyed as well but it's a lot of stuff. The property that's in the Treasury. Okay, that in itself is not a problem. Instead of being in the Treasury. You set up a public company and put it in there. What's the problem? That the management of that company. It's in the hands of the troika. They approve the appointment of the president. And they approve. The appointment of the Vice President. And then what they say that without the President and the Vice President you don't make any decision. In other words, the foreign lenders have the property, the public property of the Greeks, so to speak. Again something I said before? The Wehrmacht didn't do that. They hadn't thought about it. Hitler, if he was somewhere and he was watching, would say: "What an idiot I am to send soldiers. We were killed, and we had to deal with the elites who blew up our bridges, our cars. We couldn't sleep at night. We were in agony. Why didn't these Greeks give up? We were killed in Crete, killed in Macedonia, in Thessaly. We had Ares of Velouhiotis. Why didn't I send the Troika to quietly set up a Super Fund, to take away not just the airports, but everything. Because that's what the Superfund is and you know, friends. This Superfund was made in the name of the Radical Left. A greater dream, a greater defeat for the left worldwide than to do this in the name of the radical left could not be imagined even by the most vile opponent of the working class of the lower middle class of the peoples of the whole world. That is why that brave act of all of you to vote NO in the referendum was an important event. In the world history of the Left in the world history of democracy and that is why the transformation of NO into YES was the greatest betrayal in the history of the Left in the history of democracy, of democratic struggles, of peoples worldwide. And you know they tell me that where I go to Cuba that I was in Mexico? In Brazil, in Germany, in France, our comrades there. They still cry about the capitulation. Ours that night, when instead of celebrating and honoring the magnificent no of the Greek people. Our comrade said yes to everything. And he characterized everything we did together. Illusions.