That's where Demetra comes in. That's where Demetra comes in. The Dimitra comes in very simply. A digital system for trading in euros is being created. In euros. They tell me. How many Demetras do you remember of Mitsotakis? How many Demeteras a souvlaki? No, they are not ashamed, the hell they are. It's too much money to be ashamed. It's 2 billion at least, not to mention all the other things we've given examples of. But I have to say that Mitsotakis and his gang have an imagination that I do not have. I give them that. That is when you remember when they brought the market pass and the fuel pass to the House, Pierrakakis with Mitsotakis, with Adonis, with Staikouras. It did not occur to me to make fun of them by saying: 'You will not tell me, Mr Pierrakakis, with the fuel pass, how many Pierrakakis will be per litre of petrol? It did not occur to me to think of that. They don't have a problem. So, imagine how many Piersrakakis with ton market pass is a packet of pasta? We didn't think of that. We're doing another review. Our criticism is the substantive one. That these market passes, fuel passes are a subsidy from Latsis, Vardinoyannis. All the people who are ripping us off at the gas stations. The supermarkets, Marinopoulos, Vassilopoulos and Co. who are robbing us when we go to the supermarket, why are they robbing us? They themselves say that profit rates have increased. How can profit rates increase? It's simple, raise their costs 5%, raise prices 10%. Demeter is the future of digital transactions in countries that have their own central bank, it is built on top of central bank software in countries that don't have them like we do. We would propose to build it on top of the VAT numbers. To put in if the state owes you €100 or I owe you €100 I can put in my own displays your VAT number and you then with the codes you already have on taxisnet they can make mobile apps and debit cards. Fine we can make one, I have no problem with being able to transfer money from one to the other, pay your taxes. Free with no fees. Yes in euros. And you know what else? We can do other things with Demeter that are in our program. Example, remember when I said you have 1000 euros? You put it in the National Bank in Alpha Bank and you get nothing. Imagine a simple contract between the Greek people. And Demeter's saying this, if you park €1000 in your tax account for one year and you touch it for one year of savings, essentially that €1000 in one year pays off taxes of €1080. That's an 8% equivalent interest rate, so you get a one time rebate. And under this format you don't get a substantial equivalent large interest either. So what happens like that? Who benefits from all the beneficial you? Because you're essentially €80 that you wouldn't have had. And the state benefits too. Because when you park 1000€ in his account they leave. Essentially you've lent the state 1000€ for a year. Do you know that now when they go and borrow that they issue bonds issue bonds from the Ministry of Finance, what does that mean? They borrowed money from some shark. Do you know what millions are paying grats to the Greek state? If you see in the financial newspapers it says issue says 10 billion bond 3 billion bond from the Ministry of Finance and we did very well because it was sold musky sold. And underneath it says with the help and advice to Goldman Sacks at Barclays Bank and Alpha Bank. Do you think they are philanthropists? Do you know how many millions they got to do this through the matrix The people will lend the state. It will get an equivalent high interest rate. The state will borrow for free. We will all do our transactions for free and there will be no charge to the bankers.