You heard recently that the Council of State has finally stood up for once.On the water issue. Do you remember that? Did you hear it on the news? The Council of State said, no they stood their ground against Mitsotakis SA and they also said to SYRIZA that what had been done under SYRIZA and continues today under Mitsotakis. This with the water that the shares of EYDAP and EYATH water company. And sewerage of Attica and Thessaloniki and these shares, like all public property, had gone under SYRIZA to the State Treasury to foreign lenders and the Council of State said that they must be returned to the public. Mitsotakis SA one night tabled an amendment to cancel the Council of State the Council of State again bravo them again for once they stood up and said no. And they made this amendment by the Mitsotakis government, Mitsotakis SA, illegal. Again for the third time, for the fourth time. Finally even Mitsotakis SA, they said okay, what can we do? We will return the shares. To the public. They haven't returned it yet, do you know why? The lenders won't let them. The lenders have told them this and you read this, I read it in the Nauteboriki, one of their own newspapers, I didn't read it in any Marxist Leninist newspaper, it's the one that says. Their lenders don't sit where you go where you go with the shares of EADAP and PPC. Mine are these. Occupation, a country under occupation. And with a shaky voice, Mr Mitsotakis' ministers are doing well, he says, we'll give you equivalents, they're looking for them. Property that he hasn't told the State Treasury that the lenders don't have to put into the State Treasury. Remember the so-called equivalents to take her shares? When they listen to us saying, we will place, we say about with one law and one article will be a lot. The articles will be enough laws already we have given samples of writing. In December 2020, we submitted a comprehensive proposal for a law on Ulysses, on the Superfund, on the ADA, on all that for the energy exchange. For all of them. We filed a law, as in if we were a government, what we would legislate for you vendors to judge us and of course for the oligarchic oligarchy to have a stroke.