It is no coincidence, my friends, compañeros and compañeros fellow travellers, that at the moment Mr.Marinakis has forbidden his journalists to publish anything about the day 25 alliance for the rupture of Cleon Gregoriadis 2 weeks ago. He was about to go on a panel. And they called Eric, the press spokesman, here from Mega, and they said, can we have another MP because they don't want, ours says Cleon Gregoriadis, because Gregoriadis had also said in parliament. The truth that Marinakis, Alafouzos, Vardinoyannis, Latsis and the evil conglomerate of London shipowners transported Putin's oil, while their channels. They were demonising us because we were calling for the one peace process to stop the killing. People are being killed on the battlefields. So Cleones was rejected and lied to. In fact, he was told that when we said no, it was either time or no time. I said yes. We'll shrink the panel will only be for the major parties nonsense. A fine big panel. It was episode one episode two. Good journalist of the Marinaki-owned news, asked me for an interview. He's interviewed me a lot, he's a very good journalist. I gave it to him, I sat down one Sunday. It was I remember 7 hours. It was a difficult interview, it was a lot of questions and he gave him the attention he needed. He thanked me man, thank you very much good luck. It was not published we learn marinakis order he did not in my newspapers. Yesterday they had another panel on the same show that was to go out one 2-3 weeks ago was to go Kriton Arsenis. Phone. You're not going. We don't want you, we will have a smaller panel, as if they had a smaller panel all the parliamentary parties were there and we were replaced with by Mrs. Koutsouba. We don't have a problem with the Partisan, we want her to be on every panel. But what Marinakis is doing, Alafouzos, who sued Kleon Grigoriadis. Think about that, you have a shipowner who is even a channel owner. And you have a pundit pundit. The shipowner is suing, the Parliamentary Party Spokesman of the House of Representatives. For things he said from the floor of the House, isn't that news? Front page is his channel, no channel played it silent.