I have referred too briefly. In Ukraine. The day 25 alliance for the rupture does not chew our words. We are not black and white. When Putin walked in. In Ukraine we came out to condemn him as a war criminal. Because he has been a war criminal since 2001, when he killed 250,000 foreigners to install his authoritarian government. At the same time, what we said this war if it doesn't stop, now it will never stop. It is trench warfare what is happening in the backround today what is happening in Donbass, what is happening up to Mariupol. There is no end to it, there will be no winner out of it. All the losers will be all the people, not just of Ukraine and Russia, but of Africa who are starving right now because of the increase in the price of fertilizer because of the increase in the price of agricultural products because of the increase in the price of energy in Asia. Europe is fragmented, Europe no longer exists. The European Union is a figment of our imagination now. Mr. Stoltenberg, whom not even his family knew. He's in charge, giving orders to Macron and Gotse What can they say? We don't even have the Franco-German axis anymore, we have Washington. With a mostly Goldberg, which is. A gallery of the United States. The United States that is starting at this moment not at this moment for about a year now a new cold war against China, that is to say we have the hot war in the periphery of Europe. We also have a nascent nuclear holocaust between the United States and China. What should we do? Remember that the only way to be a patriot is to be an internationalist and the only way to be an internationalist is to be a patriot. We have taken the initiative for a year now to create. Remember the Athens Declaration with Jeremy Corbyn and the Turkish comrade Golan? The Declaration of Athens for a new Non-Aligned Movement since we were in Cuba on the 25th day twinned with the Communist, Cuban I was with the President of Mexico in August I will be with President Lula of Brazil.