How does looting work? How did they manage to make money out of someone's bankruptcy? It's simple, you know it, but we'll say it one more time to remind us. You have someone here in Larissa. He has bought a 150,000 property in the good times relatively had put 50,000 out of pocket. He took out a loan of 100. Has he paid it off? Within the first few years 50, that is, out of 150, he has put 100 in his pocket and has the loan of 50 left. The country is going bankrupt. He goes bankrupt, his shop loses his job, his pension is reduced. It doesn't matter. His income goes down and he can't service the 50 grand he has left that he owes and with the overdraft it becomes 100. The fund comes in from Ireland based in Delaware with a bank account in the Cayman Islands, gives him 3K 3 3 and buys the 100 loan. And it comes to him, takes it away, puts it under the hammer for 50. Think about that. He's put up 3 and he's made 47. And where's that gonna go? Cayman Island? And I want you to check this out and do a little research on your own. Don't just listen to what the politicians tell you. Do you know that exporting those 47,000 to Cayman is legal, no tax, no restrictions? It's legal, it's in Hercules, it's signed by the Greek Parliament and not only that. That's outrageous in itself, because you know they're going to make about 70 billion out of this shoddy economy. Think about it because that's a lot of big numbers. Let me tell you this, together for education and health care we give 11. For education and health, we give 11. And they get 70 to take to the Cayman Islands. Hear, hear. They've put a clause in this legislation that says the one public guarantee that if they don't get at least 23 billion, you know you're going to have to give it to them? You don't have it, we don't have it, and the state doesn't have it. The Greek state, the bankrupt Greek state, will have to borrow 23 billion from Mrs Lagarde, from which she will borrow all of it to give it to the funds, to go to the Cayman Islands.