And worst of all, everything he did with the university. You will remember that we reshaped, we reshaped the map of higher education in order to create a strong university based in Tripoli, the University of Peloponnese. We transferred a nursing department to Tripoli and established a new public health department with the aim of creating a school of health sciences here in Tripoli linked to the public hospital. At the same time we envisaged transferring the facilities of the psychiatric hospital, the old psychiatric hospital, to the university and finding the funds necessary to build a modern university campus, modern infrastructure to make it a very important and strong university. What has the Mitsotakis government done to the University of Peloponnese for four years now? I will tell you what it has done. It basically closed down the public health department, which we had established. Mrs Kerameos closed it down. And for four years now, she has done nothing, not a single thing has been done to move forward with the projects that we had initiated. Obviously Mrs Kerameos has other things on her mind and Mr Mitsotakis has other things on his mind. She has the college students on her mind and on his mind. How they are going to strengthen private education and not public universities. After all, that's why they established the minimum admissions base. So that they can cut 20,000 kids every year, so that they don't get into higher education and slowly into higher education and slowly the regional public universities slowly wither away. But I want to reiterate once again because I know that you are very much here today with children who are in homes, in schools, in tutorials at this time. We are just before the national exams. I want to repeat my commitment regarding these exams. It is about the results that will come out in September. The new progressive government will remove the barrier to entry and pave the way for 20,000 more children to get into our universities this year. We don't want patronage for colleges. We want strong public universities, credible, serious universities, strong universities.