During these 4 years I had the privilege of representing the first Thessaloniki. Maybe because I am not from Thessaloniki. Maybe because my origins are mainly from Crete. A Crete that you know better than I do, maintains a loving relationship with Thessaloniki. With the city of Thermaikos. Since I have mentioned Crete, allow me a small parenthesis, a small critical parenthesis. Hello, Great Syntekne, Great Master Psarantoni, for listening to us where you are. The reason I am referring to Psarantonis Xylouris is that he asked me to convey his love to the people of Thessaloniki and to the people of Thessaloniki. I would say his adoration for Thessaloniki. Well, perhaps because we, coming from Crete, love and honour Thessaloniki, I felt obliged not to be just another political leader who rises from the rear to gawk at the city. He is elected here and then despises this city. For these four years I have done everything possible to come here. I have tried once a month, every month, to listen to this place, to experience it, so that I can pay back a small part of the debt I feel I owe to Thessaloniki, which all of us progressive left-wing citizens have to this city. What debt? The debt we have in Thessaloniki for the struggles that were fought here, some successfully, some not. Especially we, the older ones, have a debt to remind you, the younger ones. The struggles of the workers' movement in Thessaloniki. The struggles of the people of Thessaloniki for democracy. You, the younger generation, the generation of the Thebes, the generation that fills the streets of Thessaloniki and the rest of Greece, demanding your future, but you, the young children growing up in the Chreodouloparikia Hellas, should know that even before this city was incorporated into modern Greece, into the Greek state, in the distant 1909, the Socialist Workers' Federation of Thessaloniki, the well-known Federacion, was founded here in these soils of Thessaloniki. With Abraham Benaroya as its leader, which 9 years later, in 1918, was incorporated and united with the Socialist Workers of Greece, the later KKE. Labour struggles escalated rapidly, culminating in that May 1936 strike. Then the strike would be suppressed by the gendarmes of the army under the orders of the new, then appointed Prime Minister and later dictator of the fascist Ioannis Metaxas. The account of that suppression mission: 12 dead and many many wounded, one of them dead. The first dead of the strike was Tasos Toussa, immortalized by Yannis Ritsos in his Epitaph. And when the Nazi occupation came, no major city in Greece paid the blood toll as much as Thessaloniki. The Holocaust of our Jewish fellow citizens. The massacre of Hortiatis, the blockade of Kalamaria, not a day passed that Thessaloniki did not bleed for not being present in the national resistance. When it did not pay for it with the retaliation of the Nazis and the Dosilogos who were to rule later. So when the foreign conquerors left and the civil war came. And then the stone years. Thessaloniki continued to pay in blood for the struggles for democracy. In 1947, the communist Yannis Zevgos was murdered. In 1951 the young Nikos Nikiforidis was executed for his activities in Thessaloniki. In 1961, the year I was born, the new member of EDA, Stefanos Veldemiris, was shot dead by a policeman. On May 27, 1963, Grigoris Lambrakis was assassinated by the paramilitary. On the same night, the EDA deputy George Tsarouxas is abused, who of course will later be murdered by the junta in the security in 1968. And when the same parastate that killed Lambrakis and abused Tsarouchas put Greece in a cast, overthrew the Constitution, brought in the junta and formed Tsarouchas. One of the first assassinations of the junta, here in Thessaloniki was that of Yannis Chalkidis with bullets in the back in September 1967. Yes, this is a long fighting tradition that is still going strong.