On Sunday, MPs, women MPs and councilors of the Mera 25 Alliance for Rupture will be elected throughout Greece, in the first Thessaloniki in the second Thessaloniki. My cycle in this city is coming to a close. The time has come in this election to pass the baton. To as many of you as win the battle of the cross on behalf of each and every one of us. Continue to honour the uncompromising uncompromising leftist tradition of Thessaloniki. I will be a candidate in another state. A beautiful state with a parallel democratic militant tradition, but which today suffers from the consequences of deindustrialization and abandonment of Patras. But seeing the clear faces of our candidates of the first and second Thessaloniki here. You have absolutely nothing to lose, they will replace us the old ones, you will replace us the new ones. Because there is a legal issue, you know? Here in Greece we are refining nonsense. I can't ask our candidates to come here, because if you are caught on ERT's camera, after you are elected, you may be disqualified from being a member of parliament in a country where Mr. Marinakis' Mega decides on the spur of the moment not to show any of us. We have such restrictions on this, will you just allow me to read the names of those I see in front of me of the clean faces and we will not show them on ERT lest we circumvent a legislation purely for the fun of it. First of Thessaloniki, Sophia Avramidou make a fist wisdom. Alexandros Galatianos. Petros Botsis. Maria Ermidou. Thodoris Theodorides. Polychronis Karabelas. Stathis Karpidis. Michalis Kritharidis. Nikoletta Aliveri. Giorgos Mikroulis. Evangelia Moustaka. Rena Papadopoulou. Miltiadis Pavlidis. Konstantinos Danis. Evangelia Siarvali. Leah Skarlatou. Gregory Koulas. From the top. Panagiotis Spathis. George Fikos. Marilou Fyndanidou. And Katerina Christofidou. And now the candidates and candidates of the North of Thessaloniki. Maria Davide Kantara. Dimitris Zervoudakis. D'sepina Kontogianni. Katerina Sachtaridis. Christina Skarlatou. Vassilis Tikas. With us. Of course we have 2 comrades. Comrades, not a comrade and a comrade. 2 companions. Who unite us. Too much of the past and much more of the future. Despina Charalambidou, candidate on the state ballot, Despina can show you the face. And Christos Laskos. In these faces, on the Day 25 ballot papers, Alliance for Rupture captures the size and importance of our project. We are not here just to get into the House strengthened, which, believe me, is absolutely certain.