Yes, we have tabled and will continue to table bills on everything. We were a handful of MPs doing more and better parliamentary work than parties with 20, 80, 100 MPs. Resistance again. I spoke about our parliamentary work, this work is not based on illusion. That because our ideas our proposals offer directly applicable solutions to the problems of the people, of the majority because they are good proposals pro-people, applicable rational, that they will be applied just for this reason alone. No. We know that they are in direct conflict with the interests of the oligarchy. This bourgeois state will never implement them. These legislative proposals exemplify the Odysseus law on red loans, the executioner system that will break the bankers' monopoly on digital transactions in particular. The recovery of democratic sovereignty over tax offices, public property, energy. These legislative proposals we are tabling. Why? So that the citizens out there can see you know citizens who are not participating in the electoral process, citizens out there who have lost confidence in politics. To show them that there are alternatives even within this rotten, dismal half capitalist half feudal system. How else friends and bankers and fellow comrades, how else do we pull them off the couch from abstention from despair from cynicism, from surrender to systemic parties that promise them a few crumbs from the table of the predatory ruling class? How else are we to disabuse them of the self-fulfilling expectation that there is no alternative, because if they believe that there is no change, then there is no alternative. How do we convince them? That Hatzidakis' otherwise moving song is wrong when it ends with the phrase good night Kemal, this world will never change. How else are we to convey to them the hope that yes this world can begin to change tomorrow morning, this evening, radically from one moment to the next, that where all seems futile. Suddenly. It may seem entirely possible for the many, the masses of people out there who have given in to pessimism, cynicism, complacency to realize that everything can be different.