So I want to thank you, friends, citizens of Agrinio, once again from the bottom of my heart, because today, today we had the biggest rally that SYRIZA has held in Agrinio since 2012. The biggest gathering since 2015. But I want to tell you. Our rallies, compared to those of Mr Mitsotakis, show the real victory performance. We did not come to Agrinio to gather friends and acquaintances outside a cafeteria. We came and filled the central square, the Republic Square. But I want to. But I want to ask you during these 7 days not to be complacent. We all know it and it was clear from our gathering. SYRIZA Progressive Alliance will be first and by far in Aitoloakarnania. But the greater the victory, the greater the prospect the next day of change becoming a reality. So we want and I want to ask you to embrace change and the prospect of victory together. Not a day lost, not an hour lost in the next few days. For we each and every one of us are the change that will come. We are the justice that will come, because on May 21 the pollsters and media parrots will not vote. The citizens will vote. And there are today, there are 450,000 new voters today. There are thousands of citizens today who are thinking about whether they're going to vote and what they're going to vote for. The election battle will be decided by the decision that these citizens, young people, the so-called undecideds, make. So I want to call on you. In the next few days you, each of you, with your contact with the citizens, will judge the outcome of the elections. And I want to appeal especially to the young people. To those who are thinking about whether to go and vote yes or no. I say to them, don't give your gun away to anyone. Just go to the polls. If you go to the ballot box, it is certain that even if you decide, Mr Mitsotakis will not have a second day after 21 May in Maximou. I also want to address those who want to punish Mr Mitsotakis and New Democracy for what he has done, but at the same time they think that the best punishment is a smaller anti-systemic party. And I want to say to them. There is no greater punishment for the regime that governs us than to be defeated. And the only way to defeat it is to lose in Sunday's election. And the only way for it to lose the Sunday election is for Syriza to win the Sunday election. So the only antisystemic and the only punitive vote is a vote for SYRIZA Progressive Alliance. So that is why we are strengthening the victory of SYRIZA in these elections. We pave the way for the formation of a progressive government the next day. And so, I want to ask you all to come together in these seven days with strength. To bring victory and great change. To raise wages and pensions to drastically reduce prices, to beat obscenity, to write off and regulate private debt, to bring smiles back to the housewife, the mother, the farmer, the professional, the employee, the retiree, the young and the young at heart. To raise the sun of justice over our country again, to make the great change happen, to make the great change happen. So I want to call on you all together united during these seven days, not to lose a moment forward, therefore, all together not to miss anyone in this great call of the progressive democratic party, not to miss anyone in the struggle for the great victory on May 21. Be well. Good strength, good strength and with victory. Thank you very much. Goodbye.