But what other area is critical? What other critical issue is of concern to citizens? And I think there is a hidden agenda there too. Obviously, the issue of inexpensiveness is plundering the income of every household. So, on the issue of accuracy, Mr Mitsotakis has hidden behind benefits. He did not decide for a moment to tax or to stop obscenity, but only created this mechanism for redistributing income. How? By keeping the value-added tax consistently high in order to create surplus revenue in the public coffers to direct it to subsidies that go specifically to the energy cartels, the refining cartels, and the food supply chain cartels so that they, in turn, keep prices high. He says he hasn't raised a single tax, he hasn't raised a single €1. The truth is that in the last year and a half, he has increased taxes by over 6 billion euros, keeping VAT high. Because when a household's basket goes from 50 to 100€, it is not necessary to increase the VAT rate to increase the tax. It doubles the tax paid by the average consumer, the average citizen. When you used to fill the tank with €80 and now you fill it with €160, there is no need to increase the rate. It doubles the tax paid by the average citizen. So this scheme was built, it was created precisely so that the cartels could keep prices high and be able to get revenue through these subsidies. But the truth is that we will eventually run out of subsidies. Mr Mitsotakis stubbornly refuses to cut VAT, indirect taxes, and excise duty. And we ask, what will happen when the subsidies, the allowances, the passes? How will the average grassroots family live? How will the middle class be able to survive? How will pensioners who see their income end in the third week of the month and thanks to these benefits can somehow manage to make ends meet, be able to live with dignity? What happens when they run out? They don't care what happens when it's over. They are interested in winning the election, and the next day they don't care how society will hold up.