But, friends and citizens of Veria, I want to speak the language of truth. The crucial issue at stake on June 25th is not whether we will have a government on June 26th or whether we will have third elections, as Mr Mitsotakis says. The crucial issue is not whether we will have a government, but whether we will have an uncontrolled, unregulated regime on the 26th. Unfortunately, in recent days we have seen the arrogance of a right-wing party from long ago, as seen in Mrs Bakoyianni's statements in Thrace, where she addressed the Muslim minority in a blackmailing manner. She warned these poor people to be careful, saying that they want the whole map to be blue the next day, and if there is a different color on the map and they are responsible, they will have a hard time. This message was not only addressed to the Muslim minority, but to every home, family, and social group. Those who find themselves in opposition with their will, position, or vote against the regime's perception will have a hard time. This message will go to doctors, nurses, taxi drivers, tourism workers, farmers, and all those who want to resist and demand a better life. We have an answer to this message of the regime, and that is why we call on all democratic and progressive citizens to realize that the next day will be difficult for democracy and society if this development takes place. Mr Mitsotakis admires Mr Orban and his practices, both in relation to immigration and the rule of law. He used the National Intelligence Service to listen to his political opponents, ministers, and even the leadership of the armed forces, and now he wants to eliminate his opponents. He wants to create conditions of monarchy so that he will have no one to prevent him from implementing his policy. That is why we are calling on democratic and progressive citizens to support SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance decisively on June 25th to reverse this correlation, fight and overturn it until the last moment. In any case, we need someone who can look the uncontrolled, unchecked Right in the eye and support the struggles of society for democracy, progress, and social justice. Give strength to the hope that justice will fight back in our country.