Friends, in closing. I will say a word about Greek-Turkish relations, because next week we will know. Who will be the leader of the neighbouring country? We aspire and hope that above all, peace, stability, respect for good neighbourliness, respect for human rights, respect for international law, that a leadership will emerge that has all these characteristics. I do not see who that leadership is. On the one hand, Erdogan has spots that make Thrace blush. Western Thrace and the islands of the northeastern Aegean. On the other hand, Mr. Kilincaroglu is on a rally of threats and tensions with Greece, saying things about the Aegean islands. Mr. Tsipras goes to Germany and talks about the Aegean pressures to Chancellor Schulz with another leadership. Does Mr Tsipras have to explain to the Greek people before 21 May what he means by Aegean presses, why Andreas Papandreou, Andreas Papandreou and Aegean presses? And especially when we have these 2 options from the Turkish leadership, I cannot understand neither what he means nor how any convergence will take place. We obviously want a Turkey that respects its own people and its neighbours, which is why our priority when we are at this level of meetings with foreign heads of state is to talk about a unified European foreign policy that sends clear messages to Turkey and about another issue, the Euroarmy, so that the Greek people stop paying billions to the Europeans, while at the same time they are arming Turkey. The Eurostrike is an issue not only of Greek national sovereignty. It is an issue of security and social justice for all European peoples. So that Estonians, Finns and Greeks can feel secure. The Cypriots and all the European peoples of the periphery, and not for some to pay billions, for others to plunder and at the same time for Turkey to have the courage to challenge neighbouring countries. Let what happened in Ukraine be a lesson to them. We have a consistent attitude and now it is unthinkable. When in Ukraine SYRIZA played Pontius Pilate; now with Turkey thinking it has easy and magical solutions in its pocket and even going abroad without any such national understanding to invoke such scenarios.