Today you are giving a message of victory, our gathering here in Kozani today shows the way to the great victory on May 21. The change that we so need in our lives in our everyday life will come. It will come not only in government. It will come in our daily lives and that is the message that your presence and your determination, your fighting momentum, is giving us today. It points the way to change, the way to great victory. You can be sure that on the evening of 21 May it will be the people who will celebrate, not the cartels, not the powerful, not the interests.

Friends, citizens of Kozani, I want to thank you for your overwhelming presence and reception today. It is a reception that reminds us of other days, days of great triumphs for the democratic party and days that we remembered when here in Kozani we gave the message of victory and brought SYRIZA first, so we will bring SYRIZA Progressive Alliance first again in Kozani and throughout Greece on 2 Sundays from today. Citizens of Kozani, citizens of Kozani, today I want to speak to you from the heart in an election rally, different from the others, as you can see, I speak from the chest. I have no papers in front of me to read to you because I want to tell you what I believe from the depths of my heart. And I believe that your law, Western Macedonia, your region is an underprivileged region and an underprivileged prefecture and it is time for us together to put the region of Western Macedonia back on the map. Because there are no first and second class citizens.

It's time to talk again about working people, about working people and it's time to formulate a plan where no one is left behind. Mitsotakis promised in 19 better jobs, better pensions, better wages, and what he has achieved, because it is a feat, is that our country has a negative lead in everything in Europe. What he managed to do was to make the middle class that he was supposedly going to support live on supermarket vouchers, coupons to pay for electricity coupons to pay for petrol. What it succeeded in doing was to cheat the pensioners who were deprived of EUR 7 billion. By abolishing the thirteenth pension that we introduced and then he said it was a soul, but he abolished it and by depriving them of the retroactive payments decided by the Council of State. What it also managed to do was to target young people and young workers, abolishing the eight-hour week, introducing unpaid overtime and targeting youth, putting barriers to education, to access to higher education.

But he also targeted the residents of Western Macedonia and especially the residents of Kozani. And I think that what he did. Both with the privatization of the PPC. Just before the energy crisis came, but also with the no plan for the forcible de-lignification, it was not just a crime for Western Macedonia and Kozani. It was a national crime, it was a national crime, because it was largely due to the fact that Greece has the most expensive electricity price in the whole of Europe. This is not justified. That is where the fact is due. That we are today on the verge of energy poverty and energy insecurity. Citizens of Western Macedonia, citizens of Kozani. You know and we know how difficult it is to face complex challenges such as the climate crisis. We knew this and before we prepared a plan for the energy transition. We had prepared a plan that gave a smooth transition to the new era, to renewable energy sources, but not to gas. A plan that had a horizon of 2032 and Mr Mitsotakis came along and suddenly said that the plan for denuclearisation would be completed by 23.23 He gave an interview to the German newspaper Bild and explained what that plan was. It was a plan for German companies to do business. But the energy crisis came and it was running. He was running to cover up the uncovered, to CONTROL the uncovered. It drove the lignite plants to closure. How could he possibly bring them back in a short time? So this plan could not, to a large extent, the Mitsotakis no plan did not secure any substantial European resources for the energy transition and left the citizens of an entire region of Western Macedonia at the mercy. This non-plan is largely responsible for the electricity prices, but it is mainly responsible to a large extent. For the rapid increase in unemployment in your county and your region.

The Syriza government in really difficult circumstances? It is complete. The fifth station in Ptolemaida. Set. The relocation of Akrini and all relocations. It was the SYRIZA government that established the institution of energy communities so that we could tackle energy poverty and make communities the small communities of everyday people, communities of self-producers and self-consumers. It was the SYRIZA government that brought in the reduced social tariff for electricity for the residents of your region; but also for businesses.

It was the government of SYRIZA that, in very difficult fiscal conditions, the most difficult that the country has ever faced. We received a bankrupt country, however. We managed to support the public hospitals, which at the time were in complete disrepair. Remember two and a half million of our fellow citizens were outside the public hospitals because they were uninsured, and we said no citizen can be left out of public health care because they have not regulated their insurance contributions. Mr Georgiades was then putting €5 in the outpatient clinics and saying he would not take the credit. Paul Thomsen, do you remember that? That's what we lived through together.

The SYRIZA government was also the one that gave an important development perspective to your country with the reconstruction of the University of Western Macedonia, which today is a university with 7 faculties, 22 departments in the 5 major capitals of your region with 35,000 students.

What did the New Democracy government do during these four years? Apart from the plan for forcible de-lignification, what else did it do? What did it do with the public hospitals? We saw during the pandemic period, We were building local health units. They want to close down public hospitals and turn them into health centres and we had the worst death rate in Europe. In proportion to our population.

What else did he do? He set the minimum admissions base so that the regional universities would slowly begin to wither away. 20,000 students every year are left out of higher education with this minimum admissions base. And so your university also has a number of faculties that no longer have students, because their goal is to slowly devalue the public university and send young kids out as customers. Clientele to private colleges that is their plan.

And while I'm talking about the kids, the news. While I'm talking about the minimum input base, because I know that even as we're here fighting the good fight for the election battle. There are thousands of kids who are in their homes studying to take the ELLs and I want a commitment to both those kids and their families with a progressive government on the 22nd. From these exams, the minimum entrance requirement will be removed. No artificial barrier to education, no artificial barrier. To young people to study in a public university.

But citizens of Kozani. Today's reality is a painful reality for both your country and your place. And we come here to commit ourselves. That the next day, a progressive government with SYRIZA as its core, precisely because our central slogan is justice everywhere and justice everywhere means that we will not leave anyone alone, we will not leave any region alone, but we will not leave anyone in disrepute, and that is exactly why I come to commit myself. The next day we will have a special concern and plan for Western Macedonia. First of all. The energy mix of the country will go smoothly smoothly in the so-called de-lignification, not to emphasize gas, but renewable energy sources, and we will postpone the end date of the fifth unit in Ptolemaida. Because our energy mix cannot have no lignite when Germany's energy mix has lignite, but it will have reduced lignite, but it will have it at 20%. We will strengthen with a national transition plan, we will strengthen those resources in the transition fund so that we can create new jobs and a development perspective in your country with a grid of interventions and incentives and tax incentives we are introducing and it is our commitment, therefore, to introduce what we call a zero, development and social deficit clause, which means. That we are committed to jobs and to the gross domestic product of your country, they will not decrease, they will increase, and that is our goal to increase jobs and increase the GDP of your country. Because if Greece for many, many years, during the period of the industrial revolution, the period when Greece was based on lignite, if Greece had been able to stand on its feet with cheap energy, it owes it to you and we owe it to all Greeks. We must now pay you back and pay your country back.

We also plan. To breathe new life into the great reform of the energy communities that New Democracy has discredited. The institution of energy communities is not for 10 large companies for 10 large business groups, it is for small energy communities that producers, farmers and livestock farmers will create. Local government. So that's where we need to give a basis, the government has devalued it by giving access to the grid only to the big guys. None of the small ones were allowed to have access to the grid. The fourth thing we will do is a serious spatial planning for renewable energy sources, a spatial planning that will stop this anarchy with photovoltaic panels springing up everywhere without control and without limits and without planning, and the last thing we are committed to. It is to give back to the local community, to the local government, the agricultural land that the PPC has taken over the past years, so that it can be used for development purposes for the benefit of the local economy. These are our positions and proposals that come to respond to the challenges of the energy transition with the triptych of tackling energy poverty, the country's energy security and a just transition. These are our positions and proposals and now can you compare what the new democracy has done for your country for four years now and what we have attempted in the most difficult circumstances?

I often say to citizens of Kozani that it is not fair to talk about us saying that we are asking for a second chance. No, we are not asking for a second chance. It is the first chance to govern on the basis of our programme, because in the first four years we received the dirty laundry that left us with a bankrupt country. A country with empty coffers, we received bankruptcy and we governed with the Troika. At the time when our political opponents in Greece, remember what they used to say, they used to say, "So now there is no such thing as Schäuble, there is no such thing as your friend Gerun; he was Varoufakis' friend, not mine. They don't exist now. Now each government can set its own priorities and that was the great achievement that we all achieved together in 2018, coming out of the memoranda. And of course this is largely due to the endurance and sacrifices of the Greek people. So we came out of the memoranda with the debt regulated with 40 billion in the public coffers. That's how much we left. It was picked up by Mr Mitsotakis, who told us that we were supposedly the ones who, while we were pulling the country out of the memoranda, signed a fourth one. Do you remember what he was telling us then? What happened to the fourth memorandum? He used this, he implemented this.

He found everything ready, he found money in the coffers, he found the economy on rails and he ate off the ready-made. And while we were obligated to raise 40 billion in the coffers to get the country out of bankruptcy, he had the ability after the pandemic to spend over 60 billion and I ask you what comparison, we can make if we, instead of being obligated to raise 40 with fairness had the ability to spend 60 with fairness where the country would be today. This is what public hospitals would be like, this is what public schools would be like. That would be the welfare state? No, that would not be the welfare state and every Greek woman, every Greek man and woman knows this very well. So we are asking for the first opportunity to get the country out of the crisis, not out of the crisis of bankruptcy this time, but to create conditions of justice.

Because what we are experiencing today is a profound injustice. When the average household today can't make it through the month.In the third week of the month the income is going up, when according to all the figures that the European and international organizations say. Eurostat says that for those who have an income of up to 700 € in the last 3 years, their purchasing power has fallen by 40%, the OECD said the other day that the average salary of those with a higher income i.e. the 2022 average real salary, fell seven and a half percent. So where are the best wages? What is the impact of the income that goes into the pocket of the worker, the employee, the small businessman? When in the third week of the month? They can no longer pay their bills. The electricity can not pass outside the supermarket. It has become a supermarket's great nightmare.

So we are living a great injustice, why? Because while all this is going on, 15 large companies, large business groups listed on the stock exchange had in the past year a record profitability of the last 20 years and a 20-year record profitability with over a billion in profits each. And so we say, it's fair, it's fair when most the vast majority can't make it through the month, some people are hoarding this injustice, we're going to come and redress it and that's our commitment. We will not come, we will not come this time. Just to get the country out of bankruptcy. We will come not to get the country out of bankruptcy, but the households out of bankruptcy. That will be our goal this time to get households out of bankruptcy.

And mostly we will come. To prevent much worse things from happening to the country. 700,000 mortgages. 700,000 mortgaged homes. 700,000 mortgages. 700,000 mortgages. 700,000 mortgages. 700,000 mortgages. 700,000 mortgages. 700,000 mortgages. 700,000 mortgages. 700,000 mortgages. 700,000 mortgages. 700,000 mortgages. In neighboring Grevena, where. There is a great political personality. What do you know? Mr. Patsis, a member of the New Republic, who had a profession. He had made a profession, at the same time as being a member of parliament, of going around and beating up borrowers like a crow. Who have a loan of €5,000 and asking him for €15-20,000. That was his job, Mitsotakis knew it, not only did he put him as a deputy, but he had also put his son, the coordinator of the non-performing loans department of the New Democracy. Because because that's their policy. This is the theory that Mr. Patsi put into practice. This is what Mr Mitsotakis wants to put into practice and he put it into practice by enacting the new bankruptcy code which for the first time provides for bankruptcy of a natural person that completely removes the protection of the first home and we see daily news like the one we saw today about the old man in Halkidiki 81 years old, the disabled man who was a guarantor of a loan of his unemployed son and he was thrown out of his house and he has no place to sleep disabled man. We will see these pictures every day from now on.If the policy does not change. So when we talk about the need for a big change, it is not because we are regurgitating the slogans of the past. It is because change has become the need of today and tomorrow for the country. Unless this government changes, we will not see a white day.

So the plan of SYRIZA. To be imprinted in your memory. In 4 things it is very simple. Raising wages, lowering prices, regulating debts and a fair efficient state next to the citizen. This is the SYRIZA plan. We submitted it the day before yesterday. The 11 articles. Of our contract.With the Greek people we called it a contract of change. 11 articles that provide in detail for the interventions we have, both costed and deeply scientifically documented, I would say. Because you know something, our own scientists, our own technocrats are really excellent. They are not like the other excellent ones who have been put on the backs of the Greek people in order to make a buck out of a fly. It turned out in the end that many of them did not even have degrees. So we have prepared a plan with 11 axes. These 11 axes address both the critical issues of the need to increase income, the need to reduce value added tax, the need to reduce excise duty, the need to stop farmers paying excise duty, the need to control markets, the need to stop cartels from running riot, the need to stop the price in the field being 300% different from the price the consumer finds on the shelf.

Tax the excess profits, the excess profits of the energy companies, the excess profits of the refining companies in the supermarket, the banks, so that we can give support to the Greek people, strengthen the public health system, strengthen our universities and our schools, our schools, have more professors in the universities, have more professors, not policemen in the universities. Police officers will go to guard the neighbourhoods, to confront crime, not in the universities, support people with disabilities; support working people, young mothers, young couples with another housing policy where young couples today cannot find a home. To regain public control of the public electricity company, the delta of the PPC, to bring it back by regaining 51% of the shares of the PPC. And a public pillar in the banking system, because today the small and medium-sized businessman knows that he cannot even get out of the banks. You know it and everyone knows it. That 96% of businesses in our country today overwhelmingly small and medium enterprises do not have access to new lending. We saved the banks from bankruptcy, we saved them with the blood of the Greek taxpayer, but with successive recapitalisations and today these banks that we saved with the Greek people's money want to make profits to give to their shareholders. So we are saying that at least one bank will be under public control to guide competition. For the benefit of small and medium-sized entrepreneurship for the benefit of society.

This is our plan, as well as to reform the state, this state, the partisan, the undemocratic, the Rousseffetological state. What does it have to do with our values and our ideals and how can we finally say that Greece is a normal European country when what is happening here is not happening anywhere else in Europe? You tell me a European country where a prime minister can monitor half the political system. To watch his political opponents, to watch the head of the armed forces from his office, to destroy the European rule of law and nobody says anything.

Tell me a European country. Where you get on a train and you don't know if you're going to get to your destination because. Some people want to do a party buffet. Maria, uneducated and without any experience in a crisis. He can't control anything and we've lost 57 lives. Unjustly young children. This is the picture of today's Greece. We do not deserve this Greece.

So we want a state next to the citizen that is not a fear for the citizen, that is security for the citizen, with public hospitals, which will provide security, with a state that is meritocratic, with more accountability, with more justice, and we are the only one. I would say, we can do it, you know why? Because we didn't grow up with the sense as princes that this state belongs to us? We don't own this state. The state doesn't belong to us, it doesn't serve our families. We are not lifelong politicians. We the state is to serve the Greek people and the needs of the Greek people. That is what the state is for and that is how it must be reformed.

So this is our programme, friends. We presented it publicly the day before yesterday to the Greek people. We presented it publicly so that every progressive citizen, every democratic citizen, can know it. What do you vote for when you vote for SYRIZA Progressive Alliance? But at the same time. We submit it to the judgment of all progressive forces. Because we believe. That from this election the next day, if SYRIZA is first and will be first and by a wide margin, the way will be opened for the formation of a government of progressive coalition. So we are addressing, first and foremost, the citizens, but also the progressive forces, and we are saying to them, tell us which of these 11 articles you disagree with? What exactly would you like to add? A twelfth and thirteenth? We are being honest and we want serious answers. And the answer cannot be an unhistorical bipartisan one. Mr Koutsoubas told us the day before yesterday that the Syriza government was the worst in history. I remembered. Of what Plastiras what a parrot they used to say we have learned nothing from our recent history. Where did these wrong lines of the left at that time lead to? We have also seen Mr Androulakis, who wants to be the sole owner of the intellectual heritage of Papandreou Andreas. But one thing I have learned from this heritage and legacy is that Andreas had an opponent on the right, he had no bipartisan front, he had no front with the Left, he had no front with the progressive forces. I extend my hand to the progressive forces, I extend my hand because we have a front with the worst right-wing government that has ever passed through the country in these 49 years of post-independence, and that is the government of Mr Mitsotakis.

Okay guys, don't ask for a debate now that we know. We know it's not coming. I've said it so many times I'm tired of saying it. Mitsotakis has so much confidence so much that even if he goes for an interview, the journalist he doesn't like will come and face me. He will not come to confront me. He will not come because he does not have one. Arguments for it will not be in all European countries. There is a televised debate between the main election contenders in all of them. But not only in Europe, United States everywhere and in Greece we are doing it.Don't you remember and I did it with Mr. Meimarakis, do you remember? And Mr Simitis and Kostas Karamanlis had done it again and again and before that there was always an open dialogue. But Mr Mitsotakis, even in Parliament, when he confronted me sometimes when things were getting difficult, he would take on the role of Speaker of Parliament and close the debate. The debate is over, he would say, we are leaving now. He is doing the same thing now, and now the debate is over, we are leaving, but he will come back on Wednesday. In a staged, in a staged, in a staged televised parallel monologue process, because the new democracy demanded that there should not even be a free question from the journalists, not even a dialogue between the leaders. But even this attitude says a lot to Greek society. Even this attitude says a lot to the Greek people.

So I want to address everyone today. Not only to progressive and democratic and conservative citizens. Because I know. That conservative citizens today are deeply dissatisfied and disappointed; they are deeply dissatisfied and disappointed, and they are perhaps ashamed of much of what Mr Mitsotakis has done, who has turned a historic party into a Mitsotakis A Epsilon party, as the late Fofi Gennimata used to say. And I want to say to them. That in this election. Don't think that because it is. This is a simple proportional representation election. It will not be a simple logic election at the same time. Who will come first? He will have the first say and he will form a government, and the dots will be cast, to put it popularly, between the first and the third party, so that's why Mr Mitsotakis, Mr Skertosos revealed to us in a question the other day that he will get the exploratory mandate if he comes first. And he will attempt to form a government, we saw what he did in the right-wing block of flats, he dropped a bomb in the right-wing block of flats the day before yesterday and all the flats of those parties that had not openly declared that they would support him if necessary collapsed and only those who have declared that we will support him are left. He supposedly wanted to get the cassie out. That's what he was telling us when he could not only stay out but not campaign from prison which he did for 3 years and no one stopped him from doing. With a simple injunction. He didn't want to, he wanted to make an order to give the A1 a division of the Supreme Court to give the judges the discretion to determine that is to say which, can, cannot so that along with the cassiter there were 3, 4 other pieces that didn't make it for Mr. Mitsotakis to be in the electoral contest in the electoral process.

This has never been done in the country before. For 49 years now, the political life has never been occupied with a discussion about which parties the Supreme Court will declare. But will you tell me when this squalor of wiretapping, of illegal surveillance, of manipulation of the judiciary, that this has been done in our days, when was this done before, under which other right-wing government was this done?

So that is why we are addressing both conservative citizens and progressive citizens throughout the Greek people, and we are saying that the elections of proportional representation will produce a government. It is not a loose vote election. It is an election of parity of the vote. What you vote for comes out, but the next day there will be a possibility of forming a government. Mitsotakis has a plan and with half a point to be first with blackmail, pressure and even defections. The family has the knowhow. He's known this since he was 65. Try to make the government a ragamuffin. A rag because he said it himself, he said it will have many colors, many colors. That's what he meant.

So let's keep in mind. We vote with our hearts and our conscience. But we do not vote loosely, because the only way to avoid it is to thwart this plan. Mitsotakis is the victory of SYRIZA Progressive Alliance in the simple proportional representation elections. The clear victory that will pave the way for change.So the dilemma of the ballot box is, do we change or do we continue to sink? The dilemma of the ballot box is, will a progressive government be formed that raises wages, restrains and lowers prices, and gives regulation a breathing space for households, or do we continue to be unable to get out of the supermarket? The dilemma at the ballot box is, will we see this tsunami of 700,000 foreclosures or will we provide fair regulation solutions to help the middle class retain their property? So the dilemma of the ballot box is a non sequitur, change is one. Mitsotakis the SYRIZA progressive coalition that is the only one that can bring change?

So from here in Kozani I want to give a strong message and I want it to be heard everywhere in the country. The correlations have already been reversed. Do not listen to what they say and what they write; they always say the same thing, they always write the same thing. Look, talk to the people around you in these 15 days or so left. Go out and talk to people in coffee shops, workplaces and explain to them the great importance to their lives of having a big change on May 21. The great importance of who the cartels and the powerful will be celebrating on election Sunday night. The democratic people will celebrate and only with a SYRIZA victory will the democratic people celebrate. Mine. The feeling that I go everywhere, from one end to the other, all over Greece. It is that the rallying that we have is the greatest I have seen since 2015. My, the sense of mo where I am and where I stand no one has told me that we voted for you in 19, but now we will not vote for you no one has told me, I don't know if anyone has told you and I remind you that in 10, 9 12, 9 after the attrition, the governmental, after the defeat from the day of the defeat we got almost 32%. So we don't have a percentage limit our limit is a great victory and our limit is the sky to rebuild Greece a just society, a country worth living in, to bring our children back, to stay here, to support the weak, to support the middle class, to have a country where we all live with justice. That's our vision. That's our plan and together we can make it happen. We know we can and we will bring about change, bless you? This is the message of Kozani.I thank you warmly and this very large gathering today, a gathering that gives a message of victory again SYRIZA is first in Kozani, again a government that is progressive, democratic, to breathe again. Hello. Hello. Hello. Good strength. Hello.