Thank you for the wonderful welcome. Thank you for your love and trust. Macedonia is blue, and the heart of New Democracy always beats in Macedonia, the birthplace of our national leader, Constantine Karamanlis. A big thank you to our amazing ONNEDites, who always give their own special pulse to all our gatherings. But above all, a big thank you to each and every one of you individually, who brought New Democracy, the great triumphant winner of the May 21 elections, with a percentage that exceeded the expectations of some but proved that New Democracy is the great broad force for unity and progress of our country. But, friends, the work is not over yet. On June 25, we are going to achieve an even greater victory. And to those who doubted this great party - because today we have a Champions League final - I have a word to say: the New Democracy jersey is very heavy, and it is blue and white, in the colors of our homeland.

Friends, I wanted to be with you today here in Katerini, Pieria, as I was not able to come during our first election period. First of all, I would like to say a big thank you for what you have done for our party, but I would like to ask you to work even harder, even more dynamically, to achieve an even greater victory on June 25. Because all of Greece is blue and will be blue again. I remember - and I am addressing our young people here - when I was your age, with some people a little older, we were fighting the great battles together with Konstantinos Mitsotakis and we were bringing New Democracy to unprecedented levels. And I wonder, how many people would have thought that we could bring New Democracy back to over 40%? And yet we did.

We did it. Why? Because the citizens rewarded the hard work we have done for four years. They rewarded the fact that we kept society on its feet during very difficult times, that we supported businesses and workers during the pandemic years. We put the economy back on the road to recovery. Citizens rewarded the consistency of our words and deeds. What did I tell you four years ago when I came back to Katerini? I told you that we would reduce taxes, and we did reduce taxes for all Greeks.

I told you then that my first priority, especially for the younger generation, is to create many well-paid jobs, and we have added 300,000 jobs in four years.

I told you something else, perhaps the most important thing here in Macedonia. I told you that I want a safe and proud Greece. A Greece that will protect its borders in the air, on land, and at sea. And we have guarded our borders. We have reduced migration flows to a minimum, and from here, from Katerini, I give you the message: the fence on Evros will be completed, whether some people want it or not.

I told you four years ago that I want a Greece whose voice is heard proudly in the European Union and in all the major capitals. And today, the voice of Greece counts. When we negotiate in Europe, we know that we do so with our heads held high and that we can bring back tangible results for the benefit of all Greek women and all Greeks.

The corrected text = The best example of this is the Recovery Fund, which I personally negotiated and brought back home €31 billion. Remember, others negotiated for 17 hours and the end result was a third unnecessary memorandum that put 100 billion euros on our backs.

For all of this, the citizens rewarded us. They rewarded us for making the state digital, and today, through gov.gr, you all save tens, hundreds of hours of inconvenience.

We have been praised for the fact - and I say this in a region that relies on the primary sector - that we have been close to our farmers and our livestock farmers in every difficulty. We have been the first to support you, with natural disaster compensation of more than EUR 1 billion during this four-year period.

Do you know why we were able to achieve all of this? It's because we put our economy on a growth track and created public wealth, which we were then able to return to the citizens and use to support our most vulnerable citizens in times of difficulty.

For all of this, the citizens rewarded us, but they also rewarded us for something else: the fact that we did not play the game of toxicity, fake news, or vulgarity. We kept the level of political dialogue high and spoke with arguments. We acknowledged our mistakes whenever they were made and charted a path of progress for our country.

But, friends and citizens, do not vote for what has been done. They vote for what will be done from now on. As much as they have trusted us because we have built a relationship of trust for what we have done, they believe and ask us to do even more in the second four years. I would say to you that the stronger the mandate we receive, the greater the responsibility that personally weighs on my shoulders to be able to change all the things that hurt us, hurt us, and hurt us in our country. And we know... This slogan is the most important, you know. It is the most important because there is only one danger in this ballot box for us, and that is the danger of complacency. The danger of the logic of "what the hell, it's all over, they've got more than 40%, maybe we'll go vote for a smaller party, maybe we'll go to the beach instead of voting."

No, friends, we will all be at the ballot box. The ballot box is empty and needs to be refilled with many blue ballots, and we need to increase our numbers even more. Especially here in Katerini, especially here in Pieria, we have room to do even better. We will turn things around in Pieria and get another MP. But we have to do one more thing, which is to honestly look at the election results.

We have to realize that here, especially in your region, some of our fellow citizens, who I believe deep down belong to New Democracy, may have been seduced by certain parties and factions that have promoted their faith and their supposedly privileged relationship with Orthodoxy in order to gain votes. So I tell them clearly: Orthodoxy unites and does not divide. Our faith is not imprisoned within the confines of a few small factions. No one is more faithful than another, and we will not allow, under any circumstances, the instrumentalization of faith for political purposes. The Archbishop, the Patriarch, and we say it: we will not allow such phenomena. Caesar's to Caesar and God's to God. The relations between Church and State are separate. We do not mix faith with our political choices.

And for those of our citizens who have particular patriotic sensibilities, I simply ask them to reflect on what we have done during these four years to defend our national interests. I want you to remember what the situation in the Armed Forces was four years ago and where it is today. Consider whether you are more or less secure now that Rafale aircraft are flying in Greek skies. Consider whether you are more or less proud now that everyone recognizes that Greece is a pillar of stability in the Eastern Mediterranean. Finally, reflect on who the easy patriots in words are and who, in practice, stand for the patriotism of responsibility and results.

This is why the ballot on June 25th is so important. We need a stable majority the next day to enable us to make the great changes we have spoken to the Greek people about. Watch out, because we may have more parties in Parliament and the bar of self-reliance is rising. That is why we must set ourselves the goal of raising our percentage even further in the June 25th elections. The country needs a stable government today so that we can implement our program of major changes, which we have already presented to the Greek people. I want to remind you that even before the last elections, we were the only ones who went to all our meetings with our costed leaflet in our hands. The things that we tell you we will do, we know we can do. We do not feed rabbits with pebbles because we know very well that we will never jeopardize the relationship of trust that we have built up over the years. Unlike some others who can feed everything to everyone because they know full well that there is no way they will ever deliver on their program.

Because there is only one proposal for governance in the country today, and that is the proposal of New Democracy. SYRIZA and PASOK have long since abdicated the responsibility of governing. All they are interested in is who will lead the centre-left constituency and occupy the penthouse. It is their own issue, not our business or the business of the majority of citizens. Do you know why? Because on June 25th, we are voting for the government, not the opposition. The next government, my friends, is the one that will be called upon to turn the steps we have taken into leaps and bounds.

The biggest challenge for the next day is to keep the economy on a dynamic growth path. To bring unemployment below 10%, to attract even more investment, and yes, to raise our wages by 25% over four years, with the minimum wage going to €950 and the average wage going to €1,500.

We will also do something else that we can commit to because we did it in the last four years. We will cut taxes even further. The business tax will be abolished within four years. The tax-free allowance will be increased by €1,000 for each child. Why are we doing this? Because my particular concern - and I know that this is something that concerns you very much - is to support the Greek family and to tackle the huge problem of under-birth. After all, let me remind you that we were the ones who put into practice - a few months after we won the elections - our commitment to give €2,000 for every child born in Greece today.

But we know that all of this is not enough. We know that we have to support the Greek family, especially the working mother who bears the heavy burden of raising children while also having to work. That is why we have a comprehensive plan to extend the opening hours of primary schools, provide more nurseries, and offer family support programs, making it easier for young couples to have a child, children, or more children.

To make it easier for young couples who are now saying to us "how am I going to go out and get my own house" to be able to get a house through the My House programme, by paying a mortgage installment lower than they would pay if they were renting a house. These are targeted family support policies that can only continue under New Democracy.

But growth is only one aspect of our program. On the other side of the coin is our social policy, health policy, and education policy for young children who attend school and university. It is our duty to offer them good quality public education and access to universities where they can graduate with degrees that will have a real impact on the labor market. We know the effort, stress, and anxiety that children experience when taking national examinations. They do not expect to enter university by submitting a blank sheet of paper. What they are asking for is a university that is not a sanctuary of lawlessness. We need to remove sledgehammers and grocers from universities. They are asking for quality curricula linked to the real economy so that when they graduate, they can claim a better tomorrow for themselves and their families.

But the other side of social policy, my friends, is health. And there, make no mistake, we know that we still have a lot of work to do to support the National Health System. It has stood up through the difficult years of the pandemic and has shown great resilience. A huge thank you again from Katerini to our doctors, nurses, and all the staff of the National Health System. You here in Katerini know very well the great pressures that your hospital has been under. But we still have work to do in the National Health System, and I am the first to know that you cannot go to a public hospital and wait months for a scheduled surgery. All of us are hurt by those cases - the few, because they are exceptions, we have to say, but they too must be zeroed out - when the ambulance is asked to go somewhere and is delayed. These are all distortions that we must correct. We have the knowledge and financial tools to do it; we have secured 1.5 billion from the Recovery Fund to rebuild the Emergency Departments in our hospitals and to rebuild the Health Centres.

I see our elected Regional Governor, Apostolos Tzitzikosta, in the audience and I want to inform you that we have an excellent cooperation with the Region to build new health structures together. The Region has done a lot for healthcare, including new education structures and schools that are being built through a partnership between the public and private sectors here in Katerini. These new infrastructures, including model schools and vocational high schools, are accompanied by something very important that our children will appreciate from next year when they start to see it in their schools: 36,000 interactive whiteboards for all our public schools, from the fifth grade to the third grade, also financed by the Recovery Fund.

We do not grant the monopoly of so-called progressivism to the Left. We are the real popular progressive party of this country and we are proving it. We prove it with deeds, not with words. In our vision for development, there is always sustainable tourism and support for a region with such unique comparative advantages as Pieria. As I arrived, I looked through the clouds and saw the unique monument of nature, Mount Olympus, and thought about how much more we can do to showcase it. Mount Olympus is one of the strongest brands in the world, and we can have tourism not just in the summer, but twelve months of the year.

There are huge prospects for Pieria to showcase all its comparative advantages. But I ask you, if an investor comes today and says, "I want to invest here in Pieria," either in tourism or in a manufacturing plant, with which government will he feel more comfortable? The answer is one: he will feel comfortable with the government of New Democracy because good wages and many jobs need investors who will come to invest in our country.

And of course, let us not forget that we stand first and foremost for environmentally friendly development, green development in a blue Greece. Throughout the month of May, the country was able to produce 50% of its electricity from renewable energy sources. This is of huge importance for all of us. It is of huge importance for households, which will be able to install photovoltaic panels on roofs tomorrow. It is of huge importance for our farmers, who will be able to have access to cheap energy production from photovoltaic systems tomorrow.

It is of huge importance for the country's energy security because last year alone, due to gas prices, we paid 7 billion euros to import gas. We want to be able to produce our own energy. Greece can become a leader in this green transition for the benefit of all because it means cheaper energy for everyone.

Friends, I will not take long to present our program for the next four years. I will only emphasize that our programmatic discourse, as I mentioned earlier, is the only one that can be heard in Greek society today. We have proven that we know how to implement policies and put the country on a dynamic growth track. What I am asking of you here in Katerini is to give us the strength, give me the strength, so that this work that has begun does not stop and continues. We still have a lot to do, and I am certain that the confidence that citizens have shown us at the ballot box will be confirmed again on June 25th. There are 15 days left until the elections. I ask each and every one of you individually to make this final effort, not just to avoid complacency, because judging by your mass gathering here, there is no complacency. Now, I was considering whether or not to say this, but I will go ahead and say it: New Democracy is coming back with a vengeance. New Democracy is coming back with a vengeance at the ballot box on June 25th.

But I want to ask all of us together to work and find those fellow citizens, the thinking ones, who may not have trusted us even in the ballot box on May 21, and explain to them why this election is so important. We need to tell them that it is ultimately about our future and our lives. That is the only thing on which I agree with Mr Tsipras. He spoke today and said that this election is about our lives, and he is right. It is about young children who want a quality education and a good job; it is about the elderly who want access to quality healthcare; it is about our farmers who need to adapt and become more competitive. These elections are about everyone, and because they are about everyone, I am confident that people will once again trust New Democracy, the great progressive force for change. Together, we can achieve another great victory. I pledge to return here to Central Macedonia with good luck at the Thessaloniki International Fair in September, as the elected Prime Minister of the country with a fresh popular mandate, so that we can implement our plan for the Greece of the future. Let us go forward together to write our own history. Thank you very much for this amazing gathering. Let's go together for the great victory of the New Democracy. Goodbye and good luck.