Friends, thank you from the bottom of my heart for your overwhelming presence on June 25th. We give dignity, hope, and perspective to every Greek woman and every Greek man. Friends, we are starting this election campaign, fighting in every city and every village to overturn a toxic two-party system that has led to four more years of lost time.

We have seen in the last few days the new Republic reveal a callous attitude towards the national health system, albeit a day late. Mr. Mitsotakis has removed Mr. Pneuma from his ballot papers, not because of his unacceptable and cynical statements, but because he testified that the devaluation and deconstruction of the national health system is a choice of the New Democracy. We have a duty to put a stop to this choice, which increases inequalities at the expense of the middle class and the weakest Greeks. This was not the first statement. Mr. Skertsos, in the midst of the pandemic, stated that there is no need to create a luxury health system. They also had in their program that they should aim for 7 to 10 minutes in the arrival of the ambulance for each incident, which is in this year's program of the New Democracy. This shows that they know the problem very well, but they did nothing to use the funds of the Recovery Fund to strengthen the national health system, resulting in the tragic events experienced by the Greek people in recent days in Kos and, of course, in Athens.

I went to meet with the management of the ambulance service the day before yesterday. The ambulance service, along with our hospitals, is understaffed. They are missing 80 ambulances from their fleet, and to meet international standards, we still need 700 rescuers to man them. As a result, islands such as Cyclades and the Dodecanese, which expect hundreds of thousands of travelers, especially during the summer months, have only one ambulance available around the clock, which means 3 eight-hour shifts. According to the President of the EHIC, an additional 20 ambulances are needed to meet the needs in the basin, and an additional 10 nights on each shift. New Democracy decided that it could afford to recruit 1000 people for the notorious university police, which is not working, but it could not afford to support the ambulance service and our hospitals while we were going through the tragedy of the pandemic, as other European countries did. Greece has barely channeled 2% of the Recovery Fund to the NHS and another 2% to building upgrades, when other countries such as Spain, Portugal, and Italy have allocated 8 to 11% of the Recovery Fund. According to the latest Eurostat data, Greece has worsened its position in private health spending. I have often said in my interviews that we were third in private spending across Europe. We were overtaken by Bulgaria and Lithuania. Mr. Mitsotakis has made the country's position worse. Now we are second in Europe from the bottom in private spending, and we are only surpassed by Bulgaria. That is why we are in debt. We, who built the NHS with George Gennimata and Paraskevas Avgerinos, should revive the NHS so that there is a safety net for all the Greek people, especially for the most vulnerable Greeks.

But Mr. Mitsotakis continues to blackmail. We were surprised to hear a new childish blackmail. What is he saying? "Vote for me so that I don't spoil your August holidays." You know, all this reminds me of the previous argument, "Vote for me because Androulakis is not meeting me." This is all very well for a laugh, but we have a duty to fight for the new democracy to have a real opponent so that Mr. Mitsotakis can see what a credible progressive opposition means.

Our program has nothing to do with the program of New Democracy because quite simply the plan of New Democracy is to dismantle the welfare state. Our priority is the regeneration of the welfare state. They serve 1000 families fiscally; otherwise, we cannot explain their asymmetrical reaction to our reasonable proposals for a fair tax system, proposals that have been implemented in all modern European states. They insult the institutions. We are the party that built the independent authorities.

We are a historical progressive force that has no field of convergence with New Democracy. Based on the result of the popular verdict, according to the electoral system and the result of Sunday's elections, Mr. Mitsotakis would have 172 seats. What is more dangerous is the omnipotence of New Democracy, not the false blackmail of New Democracy for elections in August. PASOK is here, united and strong, to put a damper on the omnipotence of the conservative party. Even if Mr. Mitsotakis is surprised at the ballot box on June 25th, which we wish from the bottom of our hearts, he has other partners in the political system. Additionally, he has the political children of Karatzaferis, Mr. Voridis, Mr. Georgiades, and Mr. Plevris in the top three ministries. Mr. Karatzaferis has recently been openly supporting him, and even a few days ago, Faelos Kranidiotis was in the strategic plan of support for New Democracy. Since all these people are close to you, Mr. Mitsotakis, take Mr. Velopoulos as well, so that you can fix the right-wing and far-right house and let this progressive democratic party embrace the anxieties of the Greek people for a just society, for a society that gives prospects to new generations.

Friends and comrades, but now we have Mr. Tsipras who has bared his claws after the results of May 21st. He arrogantly insists on not acknowledging his share of responsibility for the increase in the numbers of New Democracy. His opposition was a golden sponsor to Mr. Mitsotakis. Otherwise, it cannot be explained how a government with rampant corruption, state-sponsored cronyism, the tragedy of Tempi, huge inequalities, and growth for the few, instead of reducing its rates, could reach 40%. We are here so that New Democracy understands that there is another strong, credible force to oppose and clash with in a fruitful way for our national interests, social justice, and the hope and perspective of the Greek people.

But I did not expect Mr Tsipras' self-criticism for his defeat by New Democracy. He says that it is the fault of PASOK, the KKE, and the lack of simple proportional representation, but there was no simple proportional representation in 2019 when he was defeated in the European, national, and municipal elections. And if it weren't for Stavros Arnaoutakis in Crete, all of Greece would be blue with 13 regions in the new democracy. So what happened was not a new scenario, it was the sequence of SYRIZA's defeats against the new democracy. That is why Mr Mitsotakis has been pampered and is trying to keep Mr Tsipras upright. We are here to consign both of them to the dustbin of history because they have created division. They are not investing in the unity of the Greek people, they are not investing in national understanding in a fruitful public debate, but in the toxic gangs of the Internet who want a divided people and not a people ready to discuss their problems and provide reasonable solutions.

Friends, how else can I describe him other than a supporter of the New Democracy party? His backtracking on the Aegean Prespes agreement, his officials' recent statements on the Turkish minority, all of these actions support the New Democracy party. Our party is democratic, progressive, and above all, patriotic, and has nothing to do with this nonsense that comes at the expense of our national interests.

But, friends, at the end of the last election, we saw, in my humble opinion, the worst that Mr Tsipras had to offer. All the years he was leader of Syriza, and there was nothing more. Something that offends every leftist, every democrat, every progressive Greek. It was revealed just a few days before the elections that he had not voted for the amendment that prevented the criminal Golden Dawn from taking part in the elections. He did not vote for it to invite them to vote for SYRIZA, the so-called voters who did not know what was going on with the criminally imprisoned neo-Nazis. This has nothing to do with the values of socialism, democracy, progress, and the left that PASOK has represented from 1974 until today, since the time of our founder Andreas Papandreou. To this day, this party has never flirted with the extremes, nor has it undermined our national interests. We must not forget them; we have historical and social memory.

Friends, but we must remember that this was not the final stage. First, they embraced the orphans of Kamenos. Then, Mr. Antonaros, Mr. Karamanlis' right-hand man in bankruptcy, but they continue to give us lessons in progress. Progress, respect for democracy, and institutions are demonstrated by the daily struggle of each and every democrat individually.

That is why I call on all citizens of the left and centre-left to join us in this new path to rebuild our house, the house of the Democratic Party, the house of progress and hope, the house that is the real opponent of the right and maintenance. We are ready, come June 25, to join hands, embrace the anxieties of the Greek people, and refound the party of Andreas Papandreou with a strong popular verdict. Friends, in this new era and new course, we have a duty not to disappoint any Greek woman or man. I pledge here from Volos that together we will build a new course of political ethics, political consistency, and a relationship of trust with all Greeks, without populism, big talk, grand speeches, or corruption that hurts the younger generations.

Friends, speaking of corruption, I cannot help but talk about the issue of Tempe. This unspeakable tragedy is etched in the collective consciousness of the Greek people. Today, I passed through Tempe to lay a few flowers and to send a message that we have a duty not to forget and will not forget the state that tragically led 57 people to lose their lives unjustly. A state that cannot guarantee the basic necessities to its citizens. So, how do we change this state? How are we going to radically address the clientelistic logic? How are we going to deal with the phenomena of unworthiness and corruption?

I have publicly proposed to all parties that we commit ourselves to ending the spoils state. After every national election, party children and failed MPs are appointed to organizations such as OSE, hospitals, and dozens of other organizations. They are not appointed to serve the people, but to serve the party establishment of the government of the day. For this reason, we propose here in Volos that an open international competition with high financial incentives be held. This will bring the best Greeks with the most prepared CVs who have sufficient knowledge and consistency to serve the public interest. This is how we will build meritocracy. This is how citizens will understand that this tragedy, where 57 lives were unjustly lost, will not happen again. We will radically change our state for the benefit of the Greek people, especially the weakest Greeks. There will be no impunity for the protagonists of the Tempi tragedy. Some people think that because the people voted for them, we will forget. We will not forget what happened, and we will do everything in our power to ensure that these people who lost their lives are vindicated along with their families. It was the most tragic thing that has happened in recent years.

Friends, in the economy, things are presented by many media outlets that faithfully serve the Mitsotakis system in a heavenly way, suggesting that everything is going well. Who are we to believe? The European Commission or the OECD? I urge you to believe the international organizations that were telling the truth in 2007, no matter how much some people said they had a shielded economy. Do we all remember what happened two years later when the New Democracy handed us a fiscal bomb in 2009? So what are the facts? Real wages have fallen by 7.4% in Greece, not risen by 20% as Mr. Skertos nominally says. The external deficit has reached 12% last year and is estimated at 9.2% this year. The New Democracy is responding because of the pandemic, which is happening all over Europe. We are answering them here from Volos that Portugal, a country with similar economic issues, had a 1% deficit last year and this year has a 1% surplus. We are the only country that has the largest and most difficult external deficit in recent years, noting that it is the largest since 2010. We can understand through this data the problematic nature of our country's economy.

And also the public debt. Do you remember the years of the memoranda? The economists had their day in the sun every morning on TV, telling us about the external deficit and the public debt. Where are they all today? They have disappeared. They forgot to tell the Greek people that Mitsotakis has loaded 50 billion of new debt on our backs, on the backs of future generations.

On the issue of taxes, they are lying about PASOK having a hidden agenda. There is no hidden agenda. I have said it before the last election: our agenda is not a tax agenda, it is the agenda of tax justice. That is why what PASOK is proposing is what is happening in all Western European countries, not what is happening in Hungary, Poland, and Lithuania. It is the ambition of the Greek people to belong to old Europe and not to countries with huge social inequalities, a weak middle class, and powerful oligarchs. This is the vision of Mr. Mitsotakis, and we oppose a strong economy in the hands of the Greeks and not the de-fellatinisation of the Greek economy and the strengthening of a few oligarchs at the expense of the middle class.

So, let's go and see why we are practically being lied to. It is stated that they do not want graduated dividend taxation. Firstly, up to 50,000, it remains at 5% as it is today. Does anyone have individual middle class dividends or even higher incomes? Individually, I am not talking about earnings. Profits are taxed at the same 2%. 100, 200,000, 300,000; I will just give you a figure. In order to receive dividends of €150,000, one must have one and a half million euros of OTE shares, dear friends. Therefore, you understand that this only concerns 0.0 something of the Greek population. We are also accused of saying that the tax-free parental allowance should not exceed EUR 4.8 million. I do not know many middle class people who have 4 million euro villas and want to give tax-free gifts to their children. So, how about increasing it to 800,000 for both parents and covering the middle class, the weak in mobile and real estate, and not the powerful friends of Mr. Mitsotakis? That is tax justice. And as much as we are honored, we will strengthen the word of truth with the word of social justice.

Now let's go and see what we want to do. What do we want to achieve with our own tax policies? Our main goal is to reduce the tax on labor. We aim to address the issue of undeclared work, which will result in higher wages. By reducing social security contributions, we can combat undeclared work, support our funds, and provide better wages to workers with improved working conditions.

Secondly, a very serious point is the biggest national issue of our country, which is demographics. All of Europe is facing a huge demographic issue. What can we do? Other countries such as Portugal have a 10 point tax rate reduction between a family with no children and a family with 2 children, while the Czech Republic has 14% and Ireland has 15%. In contrast, we only have 3%. Therefore, our goal is for the tax system to incentivize young couples to address the national bombshell of the demographic issue. Mr. Mitsotakis, this should be our priority, not pandering to media lords and oligarchs who obviously want you as Prime Minister because of your faithful service to them over the last few years. We are fighting for the many, not the few. We are fighting nationally to address the major issues of Greek society so that Greek children can stay here, create wealth, and have a strong country.

Friends, let's move on to the rest of the lies and big words. The New Democracy party brought bankruptcy in 2009 and imposed the memorandum, yet remains unrepentant. It tells the Greek people through speeches and statements that it will increase the average private sector wage by 25%. I cannot imagine how this will be achieved by royal decree or law. How can the state impose a 25% wage increase in the private sector? Let's examine the truth. Is it true that the medium-term plan submitted by the Mitsotakis government provides a cumulative 13% increase in wages, not the 25% that New Democracy MPs claim on TV to mock us? They say one thing in Europe and another thing here, showing contempt for the intelligence of the Greek people.

Friends, we have a duty to do much, but we will do it together, in the word of truth and consistency. Today, New Democracy says we cannot reduce VAT because it will not be passed on to goods. But then why was New Democracy reducing the rate by 2 points in the 2019 program? Didn't it know the problem then? And what are we saying? To reduce VAT on basic goods, on the products that every Greek woman, every household, and the poorest Greeks buy. If Mr. Skurchos' answer is that indirect taxes are paid by the oligarchs, which is above any economic theory, the answer is that as much milk as a rich man drinks, a poor man can drink, but the rich man's pocket is much deeper than the poor man's pocket. Let's leave the new economic theories which have nothing to do with anything that is discussed in the economic universities. They also say we lowered the rates. Yes, we lowered the rates because the real tax storm in taxes and contributions happened under Mr. Tsipras who said 'don't pay the red loans' and handed over the red loans to the fund crows. He said he would lower the rates and raised taxes for all Greeks. But what is the truth about New Democracy? Yes, they lowered the rates, but the poor and middle class gain less and the rich gain much more. Why? For a simple reason. New Democracy's interventions in the tax system over four years were 7 billion. And in just 2 years, they took 5 billion more VAT than the budgeted VAT from the poorest and the middle class. So in 4 years, 7 billion was given, and in 2.5 billion was taken from the weakest Greeks. This is the reality of the fiscal data on tax.

Friends and colleagues, regarding pensions, we don't have much to say. We won't discuss the thirteenth pension as it amounts to 2.7 billion euros, which we have already accounted for in our program. Instead, we propose three measures that aim to bring justice and address significant injustices in the pension system. The first measure is the reintroduction of the ESAS for 350,000 low-income pensioners who are on the brink of despair. The second measure is the elimination of the personal differential as of 1/01/24. Finally, we aim to rectify the injustices in the provisions concerning disability and widows' pensions. The total cost of these measures is one billion, 130 million euros, and they can be implemented immediately as they have a low fiscal impact.

Second issue: Civil servants. We need to see what is happening with inflation. We need to intervene. Together, pensions and civil servants cost 2.3 billion, but only 1.2 billion is available. We need to increase civil service salaries based on meritocracy to catch up with inflation. Inflation affects fixed incomes, and we have a debt to support the civil servants of our country with meritocracy and transparency.

Friends of the National Health System, we are stating something simple. The Recovery Fund is a tool that all European countries have utilized. By allocating 8-10% of the resources, we can establish a robust network of primary healthcare, providing healthcare services in proximity to citizens.

If this system had been in place during the pandemic, we would have had better results, fewer deaths, and less pressure on our hospitals. This is because, by conducting COVID clinics in many hospitals, many people with serious illnesses did not receive the services they needed, and the framework for preventive medicine was reduced.

The corrected text = The priority is a strong primary healthcare network with centers across the country to regenerate the national health system. Secondly, there is a shortage of permanent doctors and healthcare workers in the NHS. We are committed to raising the salaries of healthcare workers and finally including them fairly in the heavy and unhealthy category. We owe them since the pandemic, and we owe it to them to deliver.

In education, which is the lever of social justice and social upward mobility, the same lever that in the 1980s made the farmer's child a doctor or an engineer, giving them strength, dignity, and perspective, it must be reconstructed. We cannot simply shade issues like in base 10. Yes, there will be some admission criteria, but is that the only issue? Shouldn't we focus on public schooling instead of tutoring at the expense of poorer Greeks? Therefore, our priority is to regenerate public schools and universities without obsessing about the private sector. If there can be a large investment for a private university, we will not stand in the way, but our priority is public education that will embrace the aspirations of all younger generations and equip them for the future. That is why we propose the introduction of the national baccalaureate, so that a student's future is not judged in a stressful two-week process, but over a two-year period with multiple examinations.

Secondly, this reduces the cost of educating a child. Additionally, we owe it to ourselves to become a typical European country in terms of special education. Thousands of families with children on the autism spectrum do not receive sufficient support to enable their children. As a typical European state, we have a duty to create inclusive schools for all these children. Only then will we become a typical European country for all citizens. Furthermore, we need extensive remedial teaching programs to reduce the cost of tutoring.

Friends and acquaintances. Another major issue is private debt, a bomb on the foundations of small and medium-sized enterprises and households. What should we do? Restore protection of the primary residence for indebted households by updating the 2010 PASOK law, which Mr. Tsipras trimmed and Mr. Mitsotakis eliminated. The Supreme Court has made a decision, and as soon as Parliament opens, we have a duty to legislate on two things: protection of the primary residence and a framework for negotiations between borrowers and funds, so that regulation is a priority and not the extermination of the Greek economy by the vultures that Mr. Tsipras brought to Greece in 2015. He who said "Seisachthia," but after a year, handed over the labors and sacrifices of the Greek people to speculators.

They do not want to support domestic production. They do not want to solve the problems that exist in agriculture or in cooperatives. They want to speculate and then go to another country. PASOK, this patriotic movement, will put a stop to the de-fellatinisation of the Greek land and the Greek economy.

Friends, for consistent borrowers we must provide incentives. Therefore, measures should be taken to eliminate and prevent interest rate increases on loans for weak households and those who remain in their arrangements. Additionally, the profit margin of banks must be reduced. We have given billions to support this. The profit margin should have strong incentives for consistent borrowers, and finally, the new Republic says there should be 120 instalments. Take a tour of the marble shops tomorrow morning and ask how many of your fellow citizens have been able to join Mr Mitsotakis' 120 instalments, and you will understand to what extent he disregards the intelligence of the Greek people. Always with 120 instalments for regulations for everyone, for Eva, and for the tax office. This is PASOK's policy so that there is liquidity for small and medium-sized enterprises.

Friends, as I mentioned earlier regarding taxes, demographics is a bomb that we need to defuse. We have a duty to support the Greek family and the Greek mother in her multiple roles. That is why I pledge here in Volos that with a strong PASOK, no Greek child will be excluded from day nurseries and creative activity centers.

Finally, there will be an increase in the maternity allowance for female freelancers.

Friends, in the agricultural sector, PASOK was the party that changed the countryside and gave dignity to the Greek farmer in the 1980s. It is the party that gave opportunities for agricultural production to develop and reduce the huge inequalities in the countryside that existed. In recent years, successive governments have failed to address the rising cost of production, leaving thousands of farmers to their fate. The rural population has fallen by 260,000 people, and the area under cultivation has decreased by six and a half million hectares in just 10 years. Around EUR 1.3 billion in agricultural income was lost. Additionally, 70% of our farmers have debts to public funds, EAFRD, and banks. Tens of thousands of farmers and 727 cooperatives have transferred their red loans, not by their own choice, to other banks and funds due to the 2015 law from the Agricultural Bank. The threat of foreclosures is stronger than ever. It is what I said earlier: the danger of the de-farming of our production. The cost of production in one year has increased by 22.4%. What do we propose? Measures to reduce production costs, especially for agricultural inputs, with zero excise duty on agricultural oil for the duration of the energy crisis. Today, I met producers in the Larissa cooperative, and we discussed the problems of production costs for kiwi. The same applies to other products.

What does PASOK say that others don't? We have a duty. Priority in the interconnection to the grid for renewable energy sources should be given to cooperatives, farmers, processors, municipalities, and not the oligarchs. Mr Mitsotakis, the green transition must be a weapon of the middle class, of creative Greece, to be a modern European state. We should not depend on natural gas, which is a foreign fuel that undermines the country's energy stability and geopolitical position. We should not hand over the green transition and renewable resources to the few and the powerful. We are against policies that make the powerful stronger at the expense of the many. We are proposing a just green transition by spreading renewable energy production to all Greeks, to productive Greece.

Finally, we have a duty to prevent the destruction of land, so there must be universal protection of agricultural land from confiscation. The establishment of subsidies, compensation, and aid for farmers should be unconditional and tax-free. Additionally, while we are in the Mediterranean, which is affected by the phenomena of climate change, ELGA should compensate farmers who have been affected by these extreme phenomena. Therefore, we propose updating the ELGA insurance regulation to cover all disasters in the animal or plant kingdom caused by climate change. Climate change is not a temporary issue, and we must defend all those whose production is undermined by these new weather events. Finally, the whole process for the programs of the new common agricultural policy must be completed within a year to stop the bureaucracy.

Friends, in closing, I would like to thank you because I have met happy faces, new faces, and all generations of the Democratic Party reunited from all corners of the country. This gives me enormous strength to continue the struggle for the rebirth of PASOK, the movement founded in 1974 with a duty to serve the people and the country. For this reason, I pledge that in this new course, PASOK will be by your side every day. Our political struggles will not be exhausted in Parliament, but we will be in every corner of Greece for young social struggles. We have a duty to fight daily battles for more opportunities for young people, for Greek children to stop being crammed into airplanes, and to find a better fate abroad. The need for perspective, Greece, and Hellenism is from all corners of the world.

In recent years, there has been opposition that has said things that could not be implemented. However, the New Democracy has made itself comfortable because all of its choices lead to new dead ends as an unrepentant conservative force. An out-of-control government prefers a toxic and weak opposition. That is why Mr. Mitsotakis does not want a united and strong PASOK. That is why they are fighting us, but that is also why we are getting stronger because we know our duty is to regenerate the opponent, the strong opponent that conservation needs in the country.

Friends, there must be a programmatic, progressive, and realistic impression of opposition. A strong force is needed to embrace the anxieties of the Greek people and to speak honestly about national and social issues. Turkey recently had elections, and we heard things that are out of touch with reality. Some people said it's better for Mr Erdogan to come out, while others said it's better for Mr Kilicdaroglu to come out. However, they did not acknowledge that Turkey's aggressive policy, which challenges our sovereign rights, is a collective policy, excluding the pro-Kurdish HDP party. Therefore, we are saying simple things: it's not enough for Greece to arm itself, Mr Mitsotakis. We support strengthening the country and agreements on our deterrent power, but we will not participate in an arms race when European states are arming Turkey. Our priority is to stop selling even one bullet to Turkey as long as it undermines good neighborly relations and our sovereign rights in Greece and Cyprus.

2 equal members of the European Union. This is what European solidarity means. So what are we saying about that? There must be negotiations between Europe and Turkey. Negotiations for a new framework do not exist in the European perspective for Turkey. What do we propose? If Turkey wants an upgrade of the 1995 Customs Union, as it says, there must be a framework of automated sanctions on the part of Europe, in which case human rights within Turkey or sovereign rights against European states are violated.

Second point: Our priority is a unified European foreign policy and a European army. There must be common security structures from Estonia and Finland to Greece and Cyprus. As with FRONTEX, the Euro army should not require us to pay billions for guarding the Euro-Turkish border and arming Turkey instead of supporting us. This is the vision of a Europe for the people, not for the powerful, whom some serve faithfully without calling a spade a spade. We serve the Europe of peoples and solidarity, not the Europe of the directorate, as some flexible people in the domestic political system do.

Friends and comrades, with only the service of the people and the homeland as our compass, I invite you here in Volos to take on the struggle, the effort of the rebirth of the Democratic Party in your hands. If we fight united on June 25th, PASOK will be the modern center-left, the true representative of every democrat, of every progressive Greek. The time has come for this party to break the vicious circle of unworthiness and opacity. It is time for this party to build a new relationship of trust with the Greek people, those who abhor the current party system, and you can be sure that this is its top priority. PASOK must become the party of the younger generations again. Already on the first Sunday, we doubled our percentages among the younger generations. We have a duty, as in '74, to be in the vanguard of progress against maintenance for your children and grandchildren. We have a debt to make this a movement across the country. Friends, the struggle is not easy, we must not become complacent. Take the effort in your hands, and I pledge here from Volos that we will not disappoint any Greek woman or Greek man. Power to PASOK is power to the middle class and to the most vulnerable Greeks. So let us go together to raise the sun high above Greece. Let us go together to give social justice and national dignity. On June 25th, we give dignity, hope, and perspective to every Greek woman and every Greek man. Let's go together. Proudly raise the green flag of PASOK, and here from Volos, from Magnesia, from Thessaly, we are sending a message of victory to all of Greece. On June 25th, PASOK is reborn as a democratic party and becomes the main opponent of the right and of the country's maintenance.

Friends, PASOK is here not to double its seats in Parliament, but to embrace your aspirations, those of your children and grandchildren, and to make our country a united people once again. Together, let us raise the sun over Greece - the sun of the Democratic Party, the sun of hope, the sun of dignity. The patriotic movement of Andreas Papandreou sends a message of victory from Volos to all of Greece. Be well and strong, and fight. There are 15 days left - 15 days and nights of struggle. On June 25th, there will be a great victory against the forces of maintenance, populism, and toxicity. Bless you and thank you for your warm presence here in Volos. Be well, strong, and ready to fight. Victory is near - fight, fight, fight for the party of democracy, the party of rebirth, the party of social justice. Be well and strong!