Friends, I want to thank you very much for your presence. It is a great honor. Today here in Alexandroupolis we continue our struggle for vindication on May 21, a vindication that is not partisan, it is a vindication against the arrogance of power against the client state against the lack of respect for institutions and democracy against political forces that unfortunately invest in populism and toxicity.

You know very well that for the last eight and a half years we have been living the day of the groundhog, Mr Tsipras used to say. I will tear up the memoranda and he overtaxed the middle class, he brought in the super funds. He brought in a TV licence tender that we have been saying since then was illegal and took his closest associate to the Special Court, convicted with 13 zeros. Instead of having him sent home, he has him on his ballot. This is justice everywhere. Justice for all of us, for all the Greek people, but not for his close associates.
And of course the red loans he was telling you Stisachthia and gave billions of red loans to the funds, which now the loan sharks are extorting thousands of Greek borrowers, small and medium enterprises and leading the Greek economy to wither and depreciation.

And then Mr Mitsotakis. And what did we see of Mr. Mitsotakis? to answer the question why PASOK? I saw Mr Mitsotakis. Increasing the public debt by 50 billion. We saw Mr Mitsotakis increasing inequalities, we have an economic crisis, a pandemic crisis, and instead of the rich losing, the poorer people are losing.

In the energy crisis the big oil producers are earning billions that they didn't earn in the previous years when there was no energy crisis, because our new taxes are the subsidies that he gave them from the taxes of the Greek people to reduce the tariffs, but he's going through one pocket and putting it in the other. Is that all we have seen?

We didn't have the eavesdropping state, we haven't had such a state for decades and a prime minister appears to cover up for his nephew and the NSA or the competent prosecutor and businessmen who were dealing with these illegal software. Didn't they bring them into parliament, they became a shield to protect this parasite and he says he is a liberal? That is not liberalism. That's agitation for power. It's arrogance. It's all that they have to fight for.

To do. A new beginning. For the Greek people to feel that our party is fighting for justice, for change, for fair and sustainable development, you know? Even at the European level and these 2 governments have exposed us; irreparably in 2015, don't you remember what happened in the referendum of mockery?
The Greek people voted no and suddenly. Mr. Tsipras makes the no a yes.

A month ago that the European institutions and they say, we want to see the government, it's never before that a Greek government does not accept European institutions, saying there's no need to meet you on human rights issues. So here we are talking about two people who I do not reject it, because it is a question of ego, I do it because I believe that the protagonists of problems and disparagement cannot be the protagonists of solutions, but they must be marginalized and there must be a democratic progressive solution.

That is why I am also asking for a strong mandate from Evros, so that we can have stability and progress from the first Sunday onwards with programmatic convergences and not to set up false dilemmas. What are the dilemmas?
It says We are the two of us, there are no others. Did we see what you did? Here, he added, Mr Tsipras was saying that German social democracy says Co-govern. But he, the German democracy is coming to the German Co-governing wrong and was discredited when he agreed with Merkel. Now the German social democracy has become good and is in coalition with the Liberals and Greens.

or does Mitsotakis say I insulted him by not meeting him? He has never asked me for an official meeting, he has never asked me for a meeting on a national issue, on a social issue. According to protocol in Parliament, he sees me one day and says to me in front of 20 journalists, 'Come and meet me, we are not neighbours, nor are we in a café in the Greek Parliament. There are institutional procedures, we are political leaders and we have to behave in an institutional manner. But you know, it's unthinkable that while I'm being lied to that he hasn't said a word when Mr. Economou, the press spokesman of the New Democracy government insulted PASOK during the Easter holidays, but we didn't hear a New Democracy official tell him to apologize or make a statement. So that is why political culture and lessons from those who set up digital gangs on the Internet, an organised parastate, are not accepted by this party of Andreas Papandreou's party of democracy, social justice and Greek dignity.

So here, from Evros, I want to look at the big issues. Why is the population decreasing? The biggest issue in Greece is demographic. Why is our population decreasing? Because we do not have a strong welfare state, the cost of living is galloping, private spending is third in Europe.

The pension is starving, there are no good jobs. Mitsotakis' growth is a growth of 400 € for young people, a young person with 400 € cannot build a life of dignity. So what do we say to your children and grandchildren who have boarded planes and gone to European countries and other third countries? We say that we have a programme that will bring sustainable development, regional development. We are the party of regional development.

Let the citizens of Alexandroupolis remember. When were these major projects, the hospitals, the roads. I am not PASOK, did not make a mistake, but that has been built in the country and in regional development. It is the work of this democratic party that puts the national interest above all else. The public interest.

So, what do we propose? A new national health system. To give incentives to doctors and health workers to stay in Greece. Financial incentives. Salaries are too low. The new NHS needs generous funding. Where will we get the money from the Recovery Fund? Is that why Europe made the Recovery Fund? 2-4% is what the new democracy gives. I am committing 8 to 10% of the Recovery Fund to do 2 things to keep doctors and health workers in Greece to fill the gaps, to have permanent staff and of course to make a strong primary health care network, all over Greece where we experienced shortages in the pandemic years. If we had that network, the strong network we would not have. Thousands dead, the vaccination program would have gone better. And hospitals would have continued to provide services to people with serious illnesses, without turning into quintessential hospitals, resulting in fewer preventive medicine screenings and thousands of cancer and heart patients not getting the services they needed.

Second issue, education. Is our education good? Primary education has collapsed. We need to rebuild our school. We can't afford thousands of euros for tutorials, so I suggest.
Let's go to a European policy. With a national baccalaureate, reducing the tuition fees. There is no other solution. Strengthen teaching, remedial teaching, programmes everywhere to reduce inequalities and tutorials, foreign language certification and computer skills. By the third grade. And of course, teacher incentives and evaluation. But objective evaluation, not partisan evaluation. We invest in primary education because we need to upgrade our education. The cost that every family pays for para-education is too high.

Third cost of living point regarding rent, rents have gone through the roof. Funds have come in, they've taken very large properties, estates, they'll do short term rentals, leases, students, they don't go to the big cities because they can't find rent cheap with decent. housing. We say with the Recovery Fund, tax incentives and reconstruction incentives to open closed houses, to create new urban plans, also to bring down the cost of both the market and rent through a pool of 150,000 social housing units in the model of Austria, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Germany. Since they are all doing this because they see how much the cost of living is rising by the skin of their teeth. Why should we not do it too when, because of tourism and because of all these problems with the investments that are being made, which are mostly real estate, we will end up being strangers in our country and a vast hotel This is an injustice.

And we have to deal with it with substantial policies. Also, development. What development? Is it sustainable growth to hear about millions of tourists every year without a general benefit to the Greek economy? Obviously we consider it our tourism, but what tourism? Tourism that consumes Greek wine that tastes Greek processed products, Greek oil and other products, so that the benefit is not only in specific regions.

But all over Greece, through domestic consumption in the summer and exports in the winter. Because something that they consume here they seek to find on the shelves of supermarkets in their own countries. So they gain economically and through tourism, but not only for tourism, but also for the livestock and agricultural sector in general and for manufacturing. And of course new markets. We have to see what we do with the visa. We have to open up to new markets and you know this very well, both in Alexandroupolis and in the North-Eastern Aegean.

Also, very important issue for development. Red loans. Our proposal is clear that what we did in 2010 with the first home, we as a government will do in 2023, so that no first home is lost by weak Greeks. We started the protection, Mr Mitsotakis abolished it. We are here without a memorandum so that we can once again ensure that thousands of borrowers are not driven into extortion. Also, 120 instalments for tax and EFKA and anyone who keeps to the regulations and a reduction in the initial amount as an incentive. Swiss franc, 80,000 families are in dire straits we say 1/3 of the interest rate increase will be paid by the borrower 2/3 the banking institutions. And finally, the top issue is the negotiation with the funds. What do the funds want from the economy? Do they want regulation? You are deluding yourself. The loan they took 15% and 20% to sell it 30%-40% to speculate, the quick profit, the easy profit and get out of Greece. What does the borrower gain from this? His destruction. Nothing. The economy? It's being liquidated. Is this what we want to wake up one fine morning and Greek economy, Greek land in the hands of foreign agents at the expense of our people? Are we to be foreigners in our own land? No. That is why we say negotiations with the funds in the framework that was done with the bankers, with the banking sector, with transparency with objective criteria. With the priority of regulation and not extermination. Today the priority of these crows is the extermination of borrowers and the real economy and the democratic party has a duty to stand up against this disastrous political choice that Mr Tsipras led Greece to in 2015.

Just before I close, I would like to say a few words about our national issues and about the refugee migration issue. Refugees are one thing, migration is another. The country has signed international conventions. Which bind not only Greece but also other countries on the refugee issue. But is this what we have been facing in recent years? In 2020 in February this is what we faced? Or a hybrid war on the part of Turkey. What Mr. Erdogan did with Turkey's interior minister, Mr. Zoylou, what Lukashenko did a few months ago in neighboring countries. Obviously we will be with the man.

But we are also with reason and respect for human rights and not these people becoming a weapon in the hands of authoritarian leaders who use them to blackmail Greece, Europe and other countries.
So what are we saying? There are borders and we have a duty to protect our borders, and not alone, together with the Europeans. I do not understand why the Evros fence, which we started, should be paid for by the Greek people and not by European taxpayers. Why is the benefit only for the Greek people? Or for the whole of the European Union?

So I don't understand Mr Tsipras' logic on this issue. As well as not removing Mr Mitsotakis who came here and took pictures that he wanted to say what? To say what? But when the project started, the gentlemen of New Democracy said that they did not agree when mnemonic orientation games , at that time. They say what they want and do what they can just for the chair. They distort every truth, every reality, as long as they get the last vote. So I'm not here to divide. I'm here to provide solutions, and what am I saying? The country needs a serious immigration policy. Serious.

Our trees are rotting this year, the hotels have thousands of shortages, and so does the catering industry.
So let us stop with the cheap false dilemmas, we want border security, but we also want an organised immigration plan to deal with the huge problems of the agricultural sector, manufacturing and tourism. That is what I am ready to discuss, not cheap communication games that divide the Greek people.

So we also want our borders to be guarded with European resources with Fronex. I even remember telling you that as a Member of the European Parliament, when we were talking at the beginning of Frontex that it should be done, it should be reinforced and it should be in the Aegean and in the Evros. I remember some of us were easily told at the time that we were surrendering national sovereignty. So today from here in your city I want to say something more? It's not enough just to have Frodex. Fontex is good, but it's not enough. I'll tell you why it's not enough. I voted for the agreement with France.
We voted for the defense agreements. To strengthen deterrence. The deterrence of our country. Yes, we need armaments. But we don't need an arms rally. We can't hear every month that a new arms deal is in the works. Who will maintain it and who will pay for it? Mr Mitsotakis has thought about this. This money is not for our health, for our education, for our pensioners. So rationalise the arms programmes and there is only one way forward. So just as the Europeans created Frontex, they have a duty to create the Euroarmy, so that Turkey knows that we do not guard our borders alone, that they are European borders, but with all the countries of the European Union. And we are not paying the cost alone.

It was a big issue that we went into the memoranda and into a dire economic situation. It was because the Danes don't have such armaments. The Dutch don't have such armaments, not even the Germans who are an armaments producing country didn't have such armaments. So why should this injustice happen on the backs of the Greek people? That is why it is the position of this party and a personal struggle in all European forums to have a unified foreign policy and a unified defence policy on all borders from Estonia and Lithuania to the Aegean and Cyprus. This means. A Europe of peoples, a Europe of solidarity and not a Europe that is only a single market.

We supported the euro against populism. We supported the country to stay in the European Union and not to play games on the backs of the Greek people, but today there are many steps, more steps to keep Europe united, and they are steps of solidarity. Some people cannot fail to learn the lesson of what happened in Ukraine or the fear of the Lithuanians and the Poles. It is the same people in Cyprus. It is the same fear on the Aegean islands and we must all face it together with policies of justice and solidarity. Friends.

In conclusion, I want you to know that all these things I am saying are also our big priorities for Greece. A strong Greece, not only in the Balkans, a strong Greece within Europe. A strong protagonist that will shape developments and that will not be a laggard of developments. To achieve this we need credible people who can negotiate our national interests. Who can put their hand on the table of the European bureaucracy and not people who are postmen or traffic wardens. Enough is enough. We do not have a policy that pampers ears. We speak plainly. Our progressive speech is clear.

So that's why I want as many days as I have left. These three weeks. All of you who believed in this historic movement who fought for this party? Who know too well your ideas, positions, principles and values. Take the struggle of reason and progress in your hands and fight city town town village village to restore the sun of hope of social justice. I am not giving a fight of the chair I am giving a fight of patriotic, national, social justice, solidarity and perspective for you, your children and your grandchildren. That is why I call on you here from Evros, from Alexandroupoli, to give a victory struggle, a struggle for change, a struggle for hope, a struggle without good power.