This is where the answer lies, because SYRIZA and Tsipras, in their attempt to stop their downward slide, have the audacity to address progressive people, saying that "any progressive vote for parties other than SYRIZA objectively works to the benefit of ND". These are the familiar old, dirty old PASOK tricks that got us this far, and which the leftists and progressives knew very well in the past decades, so now they are furious with Tsipras for copying them. In fact, he said this at a meeting of their trade unionists. Those who know very well who, with their attitude for four years, stood back and worked for the benefit of the Southwest and who led the struggles to put obstacles in its way, to invalidate its anti-labour laws. Who is saying this? SYRIZA, which today enabled ND and Mitsotakis to brag about their almost 41%, after having fed them with hundreds of thousands of votes of people to whom they projected the logic that there is no alternative for the people. This is SYRIZA's and Tsipras' greatest offer to the system, that there is no way out for the people, except the current barbarity of the capitalist system. And this logic put forward by SYRIZA, both as a government and as an opposition, has objectively worked in favour of the New Democracy, the authentic pillar of the system, as was proven by the election result of May 21. So we have and we say! Objectively, and regardless of whether he understands it, it is for the benefit of the Southwest, who shares with the Southwest the common strategic objectives of capital, the same commitments to the EU, the USA, and NATO. That is why he voted with his hands and feet for the crucial anti-people's bills introduced by ND, as did SYRIZA and PASOK. SYRIZA gave it time to advance its unpopular reforms and hid their real content behind false claims, tripping up the struggles, the movement. Imagine if it did this with the 30%, what it will do now with the 20%. And to finish: The negative correlation as reflected in the election result includes not only ND but also SYRIZA and PASOK, altogether the parties of capital that share the same strategic convergences.