A ray of light in this black and spidery correlation is the electoral percentage of the KKE. This is said today not only by those who voted for the KKE for the first time, but also by those who thought about doing so and hesitated at the last moment, postponing it for later. They know that taking the KKE from 5.3% to 7.2% and now even higher means a greater contribution to the organization of the working people's resistance against the unpopular "work" of the new government. It means a greater number of deputies supporting the working people's demands, more voices defending and highlighting the interests of the workers and the people in parliament, and it means opening the way for more comprehensive changes and reversals. "It doesn't matter if the KKE goes from 7% to 8%," says Tsipras and continues to scratch the goat's slime. "But 1% more in the KKE is at least two more deputies who will make real opposition and be omnipresent. 1% more in SYRIZA is two MPs who will vote for most of Mitsotakis' bills as they did before. The even greater strengthening of the KKE means that a current of questioning of mainstream politics, its class character, the parties and governments that serve it, the capitalist state is being strengthened. It means that the search for a solution to today's problems through organized struggle, participation in the movement, and collective action is gaining strength. Where "only the people save the people" is put into practice! The optimistic and hopeful electoral result of the KKE is why, in the days and hours that remain, we will do everything in our power to make the KKE stronger. And this, my friends, comrades, compañeras, and comrades, the workers in tourism and catering know this firsthand. Only the KKE can oppose the next ND government from the point of view of their own interests with consistency, stability, and militancy. Only the KKE exercised such opposition, inside and outside the Parliament, in the previous ND government when SYRIZA voted for 50% of the ND bills and PASOK voted for 70%. Not to mention the votes in the European Parliament, where they feel more liberated, away from the domestic spotlight, and their agreement reaches 80% of the votes.