But what is the "miracle" of capitalist development that we are presented with as a model? Only a few days ago, we had the death of a 63-year-old woman who was being taken by trolley to the hospital in the year 2023, in one of the most popular tourist destinations of our country, in Kos, where the state of the health system remains desperate, with tragic results. A tragic irony: From the same island had begun one of the most characteristic snapshots of the confluence of ND and SYRIZA on the main directions during the previous election period. It was from Kos that Mr Tsipras had proposed the use of the private health sector, where the public sector cannot reach, meaning the islands, only for Mr Mitsotakis to reply the next day that he had already voted for this. All well and good, then, and the patients in the trolleys breathing their last breath. In the same week, however, we had the death of the 19-year-old pregnant woman, also in a tourist area in eastern Attica. We also had the death of a tourist in Halkidiki because, once again, the ambulance of the understaffed ambulance service, which is understaffed in terms of resources and personnel and which is the responsibility of all the governments, failed to arrive in time. And the Southwest may have expelled from its ballot papers this unabashed man who reminded us of Nazi Mengele with his statements about terminal cancer patients, but it certainly did not expel the policy that puts everything on the scales of cost-benefit. This policy is all around us. It is responsible for all the crimes that we have experienced, most recently Tempe, the dead worker in Perama, the incidents mentioned above. It is this politics that all the parties in the system worship. What did Mr Plevris say after the incident in Kos? We cannot pay for public health facilities for 12 months on islands that are overcrowded in the summer months. The same thing they said about the ICUs during the pandemic when people were dying without receiving the help they should have received. What did Mr Tsipras say? The National Health System requires far more recruitment than we are proposing, but that's how much costing allows based on budgetary constraints. So let's not all act surprised when the rottenness and repulsiveness of their policies are reflected without fudging.