The great popular majority, by organizing our struggle everywhere to give our people a breathing space from the suffocation of the anti-people's measures, to put obstacles to new anti-people's measures, to delay any negative development against us, to have conquests and individual victories. And above all, through all this, to pave the way for the overall satisfaction of the modern social needs of the people.   All this can only happen in one way: with a strong KKE, so that the people, the working people's movement, can be strong. In this "all of us", more and more working people, working people, young people, see themselves, who are not anxious about what will come out of the bargaining of the bourgeois political system, about which anti-people's government will take the baton, about who will cooperate with whom. And they now realize that the "one goes and the other comes" of the same ilk always turns out to be "one worse than the other". More and more people are taking a stand in this "all of us", who now arrive at the ballot box with the criterion, not who and with whom they will govern, as the ND, SYRIZA and closely followed by PASOK are blackmailing, but who will face them! That is why, without a second thought, even without agreeing with us on everything, they choose the KKE ticket.  And many more, we know that they have almost decided, together with people close to them, to turn their backs on the parties of the system that brought us to this point, they end up voting for the KKE for the first time in their lives. Let them do it! That's what we are telling them from this magnificent gathering! You are not alone! There are many thousands of young people, and even older people who think like you. Make your thought your decision and your decision your action on Sunday. Go to the ballot box with the red ballot paper of struggle, of hope, of optimism. Make it a surprise! And the surprise can only be the electoral percentage of the JCD! Pleasant for the people, unpleasant for the enemies of the people.