Citizens of Serres, thank you for this warm welcome. Today here in Serres we are proving that there are no impregnable castles. Today here in Serres, we are proving that the time for change has come, the time has come to say enough is enough, enough with the accuracy, enough with the disparagement, enough with the targeting, enough with the obscenity, enough with the family rule, enough with the injustice. I would like to thank you for this welcome and, above all, I would like to ask you to join me in this good, good fight in the days leading up to the ballot box. This struggle to put forward needs and rights, to put forward our lives, the prospects of this country. I am happy and proud that this is the fight that I will personally give here from the prefecture of Serres as a candidate in the prefecture of Serres. And I am proud and happy about it and I want to explain to you the 3+1 important reasons why I decided one of my candidacies to be here in Serres.

The first reason is that I deeply believe that there are no two-speed Greeks. I deeply believe that the periphery deserves to have equal or even more rights in the development of this country.

The second reason has to do with the fact that I give and we give, despite the orgy of misinformation and propaganda, special importance, value to our Macedonia and its prefectures and that is why I chose to participate in a Macedonian law.

The third reason is that Serres and your prefecture may have the name, but it hasn't been given any favours for 4 years now. It is barely a county that has been discredited. A county that has been devalued in unemployment, in poverty, in abandonment.

The fourth reason, I said 3 + 1, is because I believe that it is unfair for the people of Serra, unfair for the people of Serra, that some people want the people of Serra to be the one who will wash away the great tragedy, a crime that must not be forgotten, the tragedy of Tempe. It is unfair that the people of Serra and your prefecture should be mentioned in these elections in relation to Karamanlis of Tempe. I honour the conservative voters and I also honour the political family, the one that has given important things to the country. But family democracy sometimes, and this is instructive for every citizen no matter what they vote for, family democracy can lead us to situations that are not only deeply conservative and unjust, but also dangerous. Because when someone with only their surname as a resource takes on positions of responsibility and manages human lives, this condition of familism can become dangerous, not only deeply conservative and unjust.

So, we want to tell the citizens of Serres that this election, regardless of whether you are centrist, conservative, progressive, right-wing, left-wing, centrist, you have a great responsibility to show that your country does not deserve this heavy stigma. That your country can give the message of change, of progressive direction. That your country can give with its vote, not a cover-up, but a way out of the great problems we live in. And I said before that one of the reasons is that Serres has the heavy name but no favors were done to them, because for four years now they have been mired in abandonment.

What did Mr. Karamanlis, the Minister of Tempi, do for his region, for Serres, during these four years? What exactly happened? What I do know is that unemployment in your prefecture has climbed to 35%, according to data from the Labour Centre. What I do know is that accuracy is plundering the income of the middle class, that in a short time in Serres there will be only a few very rich and most of the poor. There will be no middle class. That all the people who live... Merchants, shopkeepers, craftsmen are groaning, their shops have no turnover.

I know that your general hospital had a record number of deaths during the pandemic and is abandoned. It has 160 doctors, and today it's down to 80 doctors. It's unthinkable that it's at half its intended staff. So what I do know is that there are fewer doctors in your hospital today, adjuncts, mostly permanent and adjuncts, than we had left before the pandemic came.

What I also know about your county is that it is a county that has a very large migration of young people in particular who cannot find work here and leave. So what we all need to do together for this law is to highlight that you cannot have just the name, a heavy name, a heavy history. You have to have a presence. You have to have a future. We have to work together so that the people of Serra can find an impact through policies that give them rights and prospects.

Friends, The choice of Mr.Mitsotakis and his former Minister Mr.Karamanlis, who is a candidate here, to finally run in this election is a policy that highlights hypocrisy and that they don't really care beyond their chairs. And that is deeply sad. It's a sad case. And I, if you want me to be clear, I have nothing personal. But I do believe that at some point we all have to work together to regain credibility in politics. One cannot resign supposedly out of emotion and take responsibility for a tragic accident and be in agreement with the Prime Minister to come back in 30 days. And we cannot have this theatre that we have seen these days after this tragic accident, with the responsibility of Mr Mitsotakis himself, who was blaming the stationmaster, who put on this show in front of the cameras with the non-existent television administration in Larissa and today, I think, he owes an explanation to the Greek people.

A week ago the experts' conclusion came out. The experts appointed by Mr Mitsotakis himself. Which says that there has been no telecommunications at this particular spot since July 19, because there was a fire. Four years they couldn't restore it. And it also says not the finding, but the judiciary itself with its criminal prosecution of the former chairman of the OSE, and those responsible for the transfers, that these transfers were made illegally. Why? Because the stationmaster did not meet the age limit and Mr. Karamanlis came later with a ministerial decision to legalize it. So Mr Mitsotakis, and Mr Karamanlis, who is claiming the vote of your fellow citizens and wants a whole law to make him an accomplice, owe an answer. Whose buffoonery was this fatal stationmaster after all? Whose buffoonery was he? Untrained, unqualified. 57 human lives demand an answer.

What we will say to you and what we will say to the Greek people is that we will not forget, not because we want to get political revenge. But because we believe that we must not forget, so that we never have to experience similar tragedies again. Because these tragedies are due, on the one hand, to the political hypocrisy and callousness to which I referred earlier and, most importantly, to political choices. We cannot discredit the public sphere. We cannot believe that everything can be done in partnership with private individuals and with privatisation. We cannot consider that this state will be such a hostile state to the citizen, without meritocracy, without accountability. We cannot go on like this with this party state, with the blue children getting jobs and the rest of the people being in poverty.

So I want to address not only the progressive but also the conservative citizens here in Serres today and speak to the heart of even the Berber neo-democrats. They do not deserve this image for their party that has honoured the country. It is an embarrassing image. So it is time for them to take the step to support the future. The step to support the lives of their children. The step to support their county. The step of big change. SYRIZA comes to this election with a program that is well-established, well-constructed, which I want you to keep in mind has mainly 4 main axes. They are wage increases, price reductions, debt regulation and a fair and efficient state. This is what a vote for SYRIZA means.

And the price increase we say friends. Raising wages we say friends that can and should be done. With the €880 minimum wage and the thawing of the three-year minimum wage in the private sector. With a 10% increase for civil servants who have not seen 14 years.

It can be done by returning the thirteenth pension to pensioners, which Mr Mitsotakis abolished when he promised to keep it. The retroactive payments also have to be returned to the pensioners, because it is a decision of the Council of State at the same time.

There can and must be interventions, important interventions to reduce and contain prices. And this can be done by reducing the value added tax on all food products to 6%. This can be done by abolishing by reducing the excise tax to the lowest level provided by the European Commission and abolishing the excise tax refund for farmers, for agricultural and livestock oil. This can be done with effective controls on the markets that do not currently exist.

And the debt settlement can be done on the basis of the program that we presented about 20 days ago and it has the signature of the politician who put her stamp on the protection of the first home during the difficult memorandum years of Luca Katseli. A debt settlement plan with first home protection.

The government of Kyriakos Mitsotakis has left us with 50 billion more in public debt, 40 billion more in private debt and a current account deficit that is 10 times higher than before. Than it was in 19, i.e. exports minus imports. We have increased imports 10 times over exports in this four year period. But it was a government that had the leeway. Because of the pandemic. To spend more than 50, 60, they say billions of euros. We in the four-year period 15-19 had the obligation, not the leeway to spend 60, but the obligation to raise 40 to get the country out of the spiral of bankruptcy, into which other governments threw it, other governments threw it.

So imagine if SYRIZA had been able to spend 60 rather than the 40 that the country would be today? It would have public hospitals, it would have schools with teachers, it would have decent universities, it would protect jobs. It would have had a welfare state, it would have protected the small and the weak from this horrific accuracy. Therefore, we appeal to the Greek people and say. We are not asking for a second chance, but the only chance to govern on the basis of our programme. Because in the previous four years we governed on the basis of constraints but also on the basis of the national objective, the obligation to get the country out of the grip of memoranda and bankruptcy. So we want to say that we have to look all citizens in the eye. It can be difficult to perform miracles and we are not promising to perform miracles. But we do promise that we will do everything in our power to bring back to this country justice, justice at work. Justice in the welfare state, justice everywhere.

A health care system that can treat citizens with dignity, regardless of their income, an education system and above all an education system that can give prospects to all children and not barriers to knowledge, as Mrs Kerameos has done, who has set the minimum admission base and every year 20,000 students are cut off from admission to higher education institutions so that children go to college to give the clientele to colleges. That is what we have committed to and I want to commit to today because I know that the majority of the children who are cut off by these barriers are children from the periphery and the grassroots. From these national examinations I address the young people who are fighting their battle now and are at home studying and doing well and I wish them success. From these national examinations, with a progressive government, the minimum admission basis will be abolished and 20,000 more children this year will be able to enter higher education institutions.

So I want to address the young people, the young people, the workers, who yesterday we had Labour Day, Mr Mitsotakis thought that Labour Day was for flowers. He does not know what it means. He went to a flower show. When it is the living history of our people's struggles, our people's struggles for progress. So I want to address the workers who have seen the eight-hour day abolished in practice, overtime unpaid, just cause dismissal delegitimised. Who have seen flexible working hours turn their lives into a rubber band.

And I want to address mainly the young people and the young women, 450,000 more will vote now who were not able to vote in the previous elections. And to tell them this election may be a simple proportional representation election. But that does not mean that it is a loose vote election. A simple proportional representation election will produce a government.  A simple proportional representation election will most certainly give the opportunity to form a government on the evening of May twenty-first between the first and third parties. And the big question is which will be the first, in this election that will have the possibility of the first mandate, the exploratory mandate to form a government? Based on the indications, there are 2 possibilities. The possibility that it will be Syriza or New Democracy. So I appeal to all those citizens who say that this is as far as this country and our lives need a great change. I am addressing the 450,000 young voters, the working people who have seen their lives become a rubber band without rights. And I say to them, the only way to bring the much-needed change in their lives and in the governance of this country is to defeat the new democracy of Mr. Mitsotakis. It is for SYRIZA Progressive Alliance to win this election.

And I want to tell you watching, watching the climate these days. I'm all over Greece. Seeing the climate especially here in Macedonia, in Northern Greece. I want to tell you with certainty. Don't believe the Cassandras. we know the Cassandras of the metrics, they've always underestimated Syriza, let alone now in the era of Predator and the wiretapping, which is obviously the average citizen shading to a phone to declare their opposition to the regime, because it is a regime. The Mitsotakis regime.

We are already ahead, we are going for another great victory on May 21, May 21 will be a day of celebration for democracy. It will be the great victory of the people. on May 21 Greek people will say so far and will give perspective for a government of progressive cooperation that will give perspective to this country. And I want to tell you that I believe it deeply and I believe it deeply and that's why I'm here and that's why I'm going to be a candidate here. Yes, even in Serres we can make the big turnaround. We can bring the big change. The dilemmas of the ballot box are well known. But I want to repeat some of them today.

One of the dilemmas is whether they will continue to rule us. The descendants and the descendants, the offspring or will we become a normal European country?

One of the dilemmas is whether we will continue this obscenity or there will be justice.

One of the big dilemmas is whether there will be a welfare state, or whether everything will be privatised.

One of the big dilemmas is whether we will have thousands of foreclosures in this country. 700,000 properties have gone into funds. The protection of the first home.

But the basic dilemma that you have to keep in mind, the dilemma of the ballot box will be Mitsotakis or change, and the answer is change, with SYRIZA Progressive Alliance first. To form a government from the day after the election.

So I want to thank you warmly for this very warm presence here in Serres. And let me tell you one more thing, let me tell you one more thing. We may not be from a family, but we have cared for your county even in lean times. During the period of the memoranda. When we were in government and we cared about Serres. We cared for Serres first of all, by doing some important projects in the county, by strengthening the local health unit in the public hospital, by building the Local Health Unit here in Serres. We are the ones who left integrated in the NSRF program. In the NSPA program, the local, the local land improvement agency in Nigrita and 4 years now nothing has been done on the projects. The needed infrastructure projects in the area. We are the ones who built the bridge project in Blackfish at the mouth of the Drymona River. We are the ones who built the sewage works in the area of Nigrita in the municipality. We are the ones who secured the funds, five and a half million to build the indoor swimming pool in the municipality here in the town of Serres.

As long as you have seen it, we have also seen 4 years of devaluation for Serres. Well, the time has come for the people of Serres to turn their backs on those who have turned their backs on them for 4 years. It is unfair for the people of Serra to have only big names but no grace and joy. It is time to support Serres and it is my commitment that we will support the Serres Act. So let's go for a great victory for great change. Hello. Thank you very much for your presence. Hello!