I would like to thank you all for being here today. I must say that whenever I come to the prefecture of Evros, mainly, but also to the whole of Thrace, but also to Evros, because I come from the region by descent or, if you like, by descent. I feel particularly well and I feel particularly well. Because we northern Greeks are a different breed of people. And a different breed of people, not in origin, but in behaviour, especially in mentality and philanthropy. I believe that. I insist on this because we are perhaps in a party that since 1912 has been liberated mainly in Northern Greece, Northern Greece, Macedonia, Northern Greece as a whole is represented in the Greek parliament. Another one in itself I would say. Our view is that the whole province as a whole. It is unjustified by 40,000 rodents and I insist on the one of Athens. There are 40,000 rodents and another 20,000 in all of Greece. Scattered rodents of the parties those we called them grouses in the past, but the unfortunate thing is that in Athens the 40,000 rodents do not get a salary of one and a half two thousand, but they are paid very well these 8 9 10,000 EUROS salaries.

I start like this because I understand that the political staff of the country has a problem communicating and arguing on the big issues of the country, especially the economy and national issues. We can see that their rivalry is over the very small issues. Really it's a wonder how you want a story on the shit of this known. Now journalist, his employee I don't know that this gentleman was. Who said that SYRIZA has gone as an advocate in the 17 November trials and SYRIZA has been scratched and they started arguing since yesterday afternoon, yesterday afternoon, about this issue, this issue shows that on the big issues that really concern Greek society they do not disagree on anything and they are only looking for the small ones in the small ones, that is, to disagree to fill their party audience.

It is a really sad picture to see New Democracy and Syriza talking about the 80s or 90s, when we are talking about two thousand and 23 for the next elections on May 21, which are very important for the Greek people, who are starving and have become beggars. I say this because this is how this election period will continue until two months ago they were talking about partnerships, the three of them, and then a month ago they started to leaflet and say that there will be a partnership between the two of them or one or the other and for the last few days they have been insulting each other. This is the election season.Tomboy clowns says the other one, I have in front of me. Aggressive determinations of the latter. Clowns murdering people, terrorists, purges in the public sector. The others, the expression, the. Not to say it in public children who go to private schools. Purges of journalists, judicial bad luck. The prime minister says the opponent, candidate for prime minister, fascists the one and the other. So you see that where they disagree is in their humble instincts they disagree on the small to rally their parties because they have no programs and no arguments. Unfortunately, I say this with bitterness because if this story continues, it will escalate very badly. And we will disorientate the Greek people. I want the Greek to go to the ballot box on May 21 to think rationally. Not to be possessed by the syndrome. And I say Stockholm; you can't vote for what has murdered you economically, socially, morally politically, it's unthinkable. It's tragic.

So let me start by going a little bit into the economy. Where I see. With sadness. That the new democracy, SYRIZA, especially these two but also PASOK, are possessed by the syndrome of Abderism. Abdirism. In ancient times it was an attitude of the rich, but especially of the leaders of Avdira, where they built huge infrastructure in the city, they spent huge amounts of money to have nice fountains and nice baths, but they did not take care of how to bring the water.So does PASOK and New Democracy and SYRIZA promise money, but they do not tell us where they will find it. Their obduracy, their frivolity, their stupidity, but above all their theory is based on the short memory of the Greeks. We will say it once again, something that they all avoid to say, the European Central Bank said that in the event of a wage increase, the interest rates will increase, the interest rates of all borrowing, both of the countries and of the people.

So, if we don't produce wealth, as the Greek solution says, if we don't support the farmers, if we don't support the fishermen, the livestock breeders, it is certain mathematically that there will be a great hunger, I say this because we are already facing hunger phenomena in cities mainly but also in villages. Why do Greeks have no money when I learned today that a farmer who paid two and a half thousand euros for water was asked to pay €9000? I was really shocked, because the peasant farmer and the fisherman who need water for their own, especially the peasant farmer who need water to be able to water and reap any fields in which. Their commodities must be supported immediately by any government, on the understanding that without them we cannot survive, so instead of helping them, they are leading them into poverty. They cannot give the shipowner tax free oil and not have tax free oil. The farmer, the stockman who feed all of us at the same time if you do that you are of course assisting. And the exports and the very important for me wrong choices are reversed what are these milk imports. Imports of like products are their crimes, the ongoing ones. I haven't stopped saying them for 4 years and I keep saying them because I'm from the province. I am a provincial and I say it straight, I am a peasant from a village I come from, I have nothing to do with the Athenian-centric system, I have nothing to do with them and I don't want them to split because our quality is totally different in the province from those who lead place.

And I'll let them insult each other as well. I have to answer the Greek Prime Minister because yesterday in Amalia and in Pyrgos he said something.I know that while he was speaking we are housewives and we are housewives, and mentioning his party, we should remind him that his party owes 430 million euros in loans, in sea loans, in battery loans, because they are battery loans, just like PASOK, so I should remind him that as a natural person he has borrowed and has not repaid them. So the landlord or the householder is neither a bachelor, nor do they leave loans unpaid, and what is worse, when they are prime ministers, they enable borrowers to take the same haircut that they gave to oligarchs, canal owners, shipowners and their friends to the tune of around EUR 6 billion.

I say all this because a few days ago they distributed 9 million euros to the national channels. I am not saying that the channels should not get 9 million, but I am saying that the citizen is in greater need. Much greater, and on the other hand, I must say that the regional channels did not get anything, but instead of supporting the region and the regional channels, they supported the water-headed state of Athens again, and the oligarchic channel owners again. And we are opposed to this, as we are to all the phenomena of the current phenomena of the subservience of the country's political personnel to money, to the oligarchs and canal owners, that is to say, to the plutocracy.

I was also very annoyed by what is happening with the candidates for parliamentarians, especially in Xanthi and Rodopi. Seeing their advertising leaflets in Turkish. It is as unthinkable as seeing a party declaring themselves Turkish. And to see New Democracy and PASOK and SYRIZA competing to see who will put on their ballot the most Turks who can get into the consulate more easily. This is abhorrent to me. I am ashamed as a Greek for their choice to look at votes and not at Thrace.It is no coincidence that Erdogan's recent statements that we do not forget the elections in Thrace are not understood by the Athenians.Those who have Athenian-centric logic and not regional logic do not understand it. It is unthinkable that Mr Mitsotakis should have a press that interferes. Listen to a smaller party, which has put people back in. Through the Consulate. And who were disengaged from that party's ticket and left, resigned and New Democracy said so. It is tragic what is happening to have the consulate in charge of our Thrace. We, because we honour Thrace, have put up a candidate who is a Greek Pomak, a Greek Pomak, a patriot who is being persecuted for what is both the Greek state and the Turkish consulate. And we are proud of our choice, we chose him because he is a pomakos, he is a Greek ancient wild Greek, but the wild beasts of the Athenocentric establishment put people of the Consulate and not such lads who fight for Greece. This is our conception of the national interest and this is our view of the nation and the homeland.

We will not change it despite the dirty war we have suffered, despite the hatred that the new Democracy is putting out for the Greek solution, despite its undemocratic and fascist behaviour to cut off commas, sub-committees, formations, parties, it doesn't matter. Because it is the right of the Greek to vote for whomever he wants. What democracy did, not even a junta can do. And I say this bluntly. We are not concerned with the rhetoric of journalists or politicians. Do you want votes from the party? We want votes from the KKE to the most right wing, we don't care what they voted for in the last election? We want all Greeks to go and vote so that we can finally get away from a political staff that is too small and the big problems of the country.

And I'll say something that a Belgian writer says. Paul Carvell I read it in full and I say it to all citizens, politics needs people who don't need politics. It is a very important saying of the man. Political leaders without politics today will be nothing tomorrow if they are not elected. The speaker if not elected has a job and has a job and can do what he did before. They do not know what they will do. So I call on the Greek people to vote for a sensible Greek solution, the only Greek patriotic solution that can provide a solution to our Greece's major problems. Thank you again for being here. If there are any questions, I am willing to answer them if there are not, I think we have closed a chapter on Evros. Shall we continue? Tours where we can.

Can I tell you that before I hang up? Both the average and the national channels again do not do justice to the Greek solution. They do it deliberately by order of the new democracy they do not show our representation under we are represented even now that there is a law that is vertical, but when the FCC does not impose fines on the channels it is logical the channels let's say skai has never called us, while it is obliged pre-election, obliged does not talk about the previous 4 that never went to skai or STAR or Alpha I went once 4 years.

Here's proof of how panicky the new democracy is that this panicky party plants undercuts where it suits them, they let them through and cut the ones that don't suit them. What this means is that they are in a panic they are interested in power and not the substance of politics. At all costs they want power in the new republic and especially the PM's entourage is not to blame for anything. The New Democrat nor the New Democracy voter for the crimes committed by the New Democracy leadership. Crimes against democracy, crimes against political opponents, crimes against Greece.

And it is right and appropriate to say it once again after these elections on May 21, one thing is for sure that they will co-govern Tsipras' visit to Solts is no coincidence that Blinken's visit to Athens is also no coincidence that the new Republic gave the Kochi rahmi 200 million euros to make electric cars in Turkey and that these cars are circulating in Greece from the Recovery Fund is no coincidence. All this shows that we are going into coexistence in the Aegean. And remember this because all 3 of them voted for certain unpopular and anti-national laws. Example, energy exchange. SYRIZA did the stock exchange and the new democracy implemented it, but the story started before with PASOK and new democracy in the funds was started by PASOK in 2003. I extend SYRIZA of 16, and 19 and 18 and implement new democracy to steal the houses of the Greeks. Yesterday I was ashamed to see an inexperienced man in Halkidiki. Police entering his house, breaking down his door and taking his house. What foreign national of a European Union Skopjan, please Skopjan, takes in Macedonia the house of a Greek Macedonian cripple. This is the shame, the shame of Greece and even illegally takes the house. Because a European citizen can take it at auction. Skopje is not in the European Union. So I say to you, all the bad things the 3 of them did is 3 parties in the package of one with the same policies same concepts and worst of all the same anti-national commitments keep it. Thank you very much
