Citizens of Thessaloniki, there are meetings where the speaker speaks, there are meetings where he talks to the crowd, there are meetings where the crowd talks, and this is such a meeting today! Today Thessaloniki gives the message of victory. It is a victory performance today. Thessaloniki today is showing us victory, the road to victory. On Sunday the lies end. It is the time of Change, it is the time to put our country back where we left it, on the path of justice, on the path of Democracy. Citizens of Thessaloniki, I would like to thank you warmly for your magnificent presence today. Your magnificent presence here at the Thessaloniki International Fair, in its hospitable surroundings, which shows that we have a great battle ahead of us on Sunday. But this battle will end with the victory of the people and of democracy. Greece is turning a new page, the days of justice, the days of democracy, the days of dignity, the days of the people are dawning again.

And the countdown has begun for the Mitsotakis regime. Five days are left for the Greek people to sign the Contract of Change, change with democracy and justice. And I believe that after our rally here in Thessaloniki today, I say, if he asks us, let's not be rude. Let's send help to get his stuff out of Maximou. Let him pick up the Predator wires, the wiretaps and the illegal wiretaps. Because from Monday, the Maximus Mansion will reopen its doors to democracy, it will become the headquarters of our great effort to bring Change and Justice to the land.

Citizens of Thessaloniki, a few days ago the outgoing Prime Minister, in one of his public appearances, asked us to judge and compare. He asked citizens to judge and compare New Democracy with Syriza, Mr Mitsotakis himself, his boss, with me. So I say, he said it very well, to judge and compare. Of course, he avoids like the devil avoids a direct comparison in a TV debate between the two of us, face to face. And he's probably right, as we saw the other day, in the showdown with the six, he missed a tough question and started to testify without a stick. Since he wants us to judge and compare we say: fine, let's judge and compare. So let's go!

You, Mr Mitsotakis, your Party, you have bankrupted the country, you have plunged the economy into the swamp and society into despair. We brought the country out of bankruptcy, we freed it from the memoranda and the guardianship. You left the funds empty so that we could not even pay our pensions. We handed them over to you full, you found them with 37 billion thanks to our respect for the last euro of the Greek citizen, thanks to our clean hands. And above all you have plundered society.

We supported society and delivered it upright in the midst of a storm. Despite the fiscal squeeze, we strengthened the National Health System, we opened the doors of health care to 2.5 million uninsured citizens who did not even have access to public hospitals.

We distributed dividends for three years to pensioners and the vulnerable. We established, as soon as the country was freed from the memoranda, the 13th pension.

We gave the first increase in the minimum wage in years.

We restored the labour regime, we strengthened public education.

What did you do during these four years, despite the fact that you found everything in order? You have destroyed rights, incomes and lives. You had the opportunity to share from the ready-made we left you, but you preferred to divide it among yourselves, your blue locusts and your sponsors. We governed with the obligation to raise almost 40 billion in the treasury to bring the country out of bankruptcy. You, with the leeway because of the pandemic, to spend 60 billion. And I wonder, friends, citizens of Thessaloniki: What would Greece look like today if we, instead of being obliged to raise 40, governed with the freedom to spend 60? We would have decent public hospitals with doctors and nurses, we would have schools and universities with teachers and professors and a reliable welfare state.

But you, Mr Mitsotakis, preferred to make them direct assignments to cronies and subsidies to the obscenity cartel. Health, education, electricity, water, yes, they are not commodities. They belong to the people and will be public. Yes, that is the lesson of the pandemic as well. Health is not a commodity. We will not allow water to be privatised, as is the intention of Mr Mitsotakis for the next four years.

To continue the comparison. Since he asked us to make a comparison, let's do it from here in Thessaloniki. We, with our national interest and the interest of Macedonia in mind, took the cost and solved a chronic problem with our neighbours. We defended our patriotic duty and signed an agreement after tough negotiations. We thus averted the danger of our neighbouring country becoming a base for forces that are preying on Greece. Today it is our country's warplanes that monitor the airspace of North Macedonia, not Turkish F-16s. Today on our northern border we do not have a Libya. Today on our northern border we have neighbours who want to be our friends and are our friends, not our enemies. Today on our northern border we have a country that is not called Macedonia, and no one will force us to call it Macedonia, because they themselves are now constitutionally called North Macedonia.

But what did you do, Mr Mitsotakis, when we had this opportunity and we took the cost for the country? You railed against an agreement that you knew very well was beneficial to the country. You allied with the far right in your attempt to mislead the people. You took part in and covered up all manifestations of atrocities and even violence. You put, in short, your personal and party interests above national duty. To then come back as a government and not only uphold, but honour the Agreement. Ten days ago, Zoran Zaev even sent you a letter of thanks for fighting, and he thanked you for it, to get North Macedonia into the European Union. And well done, I say, well done and honour the agreement. But you are not honoured by this attitude, this attitude of hypocrisy, because you are a hypocrite, a populist who says one thing and does another. And if some younger people have forgotten, we have been reminded by Mr Mitsotakis, the worst right-wing government since the post-war period. He reminded us these four years of what it means.

What do you want us to compare from your administration? Your indifference, your arrogance, your unfulfilled promises? One phrase, I think, represents your tenure: You don't care. That is the phrase that accompanies you. You don't care about ordinary everyday people and their problems. You do not feel their struggles, you cannot feel them, and by your choices you are devaluing people's lives and the future of the country. You do not care and you devalue the state, you have made it a source of easy enrichment for your party army with billions of direct awards. You have made it a source of grant to obscenity, a source of bliss for those we have called 'blue grasshoppers'. You have doubled the post-employees, increased their salaries by 40%, multiplied the managers in the PPC, in the Public Utilities, to share salaries and bonuses. But at the same time you made the state a source of profit for the powerful, in large groups the funds of the Recovery and Resilience Fund. Twenty-year record profits for 15 listed companies with over 1 billion each, under the auspices of the state all this.

You don't even care about the National Health System. You have devalued, dismantled, left the corridor open to obscenity. Result? A record negative in the western world in deaths as a proportion of the population, 37,000 of our fellow citizens lost, many of them unjustly. Because when they were dying outside of ICUs, you guys were calling us out in Parliament for claiming that "outside of ICUs our fellow citizens who are intubated are dying" and telling us: "How do you know? You know?". Well, yes, we knew it, but you knew it too. You knew it because you had the reports in your drawers and you were a hypocrite, because you did not care.

You don't care about public education. You have entrusted Mrs Kerameos to put barriers to the entry of thousands of children from the grassroots, mainly from the grassroots, to the public universities of the country to become the prey of the colleges of the rapists, for a price. You have devalued dozens of university institutions, mainly in the region, closed down schools, did not hire professors, but only rushed to hire police officers in the universities.

But you don't care about the safety of the citizen either. You have dismantled the infrastructure and sold it off at a moment's notice. A tragic example is the OSE. You dismantled it, turned it into a field of partisanship and bribery, so that we finally arrived at this unspeakable tragedy in Tempe. We warned in Parliament at the time, the workers warned, but the Minister of the Tempi answered us: "Shame on you for raising a safety issue!". And he answered the railway workers with bans and bans. And now he wants to wash away the crime with the vote of our fellow citizens in Serres. We answer them: we do not forget the crime of Tempe, the 57 souls who were unjustly lost will find justice. We have an obligation not to forget this crime. We have an obligation, not just a moral one, to the families of the victims, whom Mr Mitsotakis recently insulted in a television interview, saying that they 'instrumentalise the tragedy'. Who? The people who lost their children! But we also have an obligation to the younger generation. Because if we forget, we will find ourselves in tragedies like this again.

We have an obligation to build a state that does not scare, but protects its citizens. A state that does not appoint people to critical positions with party buffers. A state with meritocracy, with accountability, because that is what it means to become Europe. We were told to 'stay in Europe', but in the end we were removed from Europe, because what we are living in today is not Europe. This state is not Europe. But it does not care about anything and it does not care about the lives and the future of workers, of young people in particular. It has imposed a jungle labour regime. They even abolished the eight-hour working day, introduced unpaid overtime, dismantled the Labour Inspectorate so that the worker would not be able to find justice and legitimacy.

They reduced the purchasing power of households with an income of up to €700 by 40%, according to Eurostat data. They reduced average nominal wages and average real wages in 2022, according to OECD data. They did not and do not care about what they made a flag in the 2019 election campaign: the middle class. Remember what they promised it? The sky with stars! And in the end, the middle class ended up living on food stamps. Vouchers to go to the supermarket, vouchers to pay the electricity bills, vouchers to go pay for petrol, everywhere and a pass has become our life. With expensive raw materials, expensive fuel, expensive indirect taxation, expensive services. It has made the poor poorer and the middle class poorer.

And of course, after four years, it gives us 40 billion more private debt, 50 billion more public debt and 4,250,000 Greeks, half of Greece, in debt, with bad debts to banks, to the tax authorities, to the social security funds and 700,000 households worried about losing their homes in auctions tomorrow. Because their mortgages have passed into the hands of the funds, those whom Mr Mitsotakis knows very well, because he has crows even within his parliamentary group, the Patsis, who are calling on people's homes and humiliating them for debts of EUR 5 and 10 thousand.

We say that what Mr Mitsotakis attempted was the biggest income redistribution the country has seen since the post-independence period. With the obscenity allowances, which he took from the marrow of the middle class and the weak. With the high VAT, which you dare not approach the supermarket with accuracy. But now the danger we have is that if he completes his task for another four years, we will also see the biggest redistribution of wealth the country has seen since World War II, I will say, not since the post-war period. And that redistribution of property will come with the auctions, if we let them. And I ask myself: how is it possible that a party that has borrowed and unpaid 400 million euros owed to the banks and a cabinet that has private debts of 12 million euros, has the audacity to put the property of the middle class up for auction for 10 and 50 thousand euros?

But the time has come, citizens of Thessaloniki, instead of starting the evictions for the people of toil who will lose their property, on Sunday you will evict Mr. Mitsotakis from the Maximou building. On Sunday, we have a great opportunity to put an end once and for all to obscenity, indifference, injustice and family rule and to give democracy a breathing space. For it was even democracy itself that was affected by the four-year presence of the Mitsotakis Government, with the Petsas lists, with the persecution of journalists. They have put freedom of the press to shame in the global rankings. With their nephews and security guards, whom they appointed without degrees to the NSS, violating every democratic and moral norm, they set up a parastatal mechanism inside the Maximos building.

Mr Mitsotakis, as I told you before, in the first tough question, he confessed the day before yesterday, he confessed everything. He confessed that it is a scandal, but above all, he confessed that there was no national reason for this surveillance. But I ask myself: if there was no national reason, why invoke national secrecy in order to cover up the truth, to keep the light out, to hide everything under the darkness in the parliamentary committee? If there was no national reason, why was the NSA prosecutor illegally signing the provisions to monitor half the political system and is she still in office? Why has the judiciary not taken a step for nine months now? Shall I tell you why? Because the cover-up is a status quo in the Mitsotakis regime. Cover-up for the pandemic casualties, cover-up for Tempe, cover-up for wiretapping, cover-up for everything. Mr Mitsotakis got lost in the difficult times, he hid his responsibilities, he did not care about the needs.

And I want to address here today, from Thessaloniki, the conservative citizens, the voters of New Democracy, who are ideologically divided from us, but whom we honour. Many of them, most of them, are honest people, and I want to ask myself, addressing them: do you tolerate this 'holy family' regime? Do you justify it? Do you tolerate it? Mr Mitsotakis has made New Democracy his family fiefdom. He has made a large party accountable for serious crimes against democracy, and now he hopes to be washed away with your vote. Will you accept it? Will you wash him out? Will you be complicit?

I invite you to think about it once and twice. Think about it for the good of your own party, but above all for the good of the country. I would also like to address democratic citizens: it is obvious that we will only have clearance and light in the biggest scandal against the democratic function since the post-war period if SYRIZA wins on Sunday and a government of progressive cooperation is formed. There is no other version. A victory for New Democracy means a cover-up of the biggest scandal of the post-independence period and we will never know ...

You can say this slogan to me on Sunday, on Sunday night you will say this slogan. If we have a victory for New Democracy, we will have a cover-up of the biggest scandal of the post-independence period and no one will ever know who is keeping the surveillance data. They listened to ministers, they listened to political leaders, they listened to MPs and SYRIZA MPs, they listened to journalists, they listened to businessmen, they listened to the heads of the armed forces, critical elements for the security of the country. Where are they all? Where are the recordings? In whose hands are they today? Who will use them tomorrow to blackmail the political system, to blackmail the business world, to give the military critical information? Who? Mr. Mitsotakis is the one who must answer and he will answer only with a SYRIZA victory and a progressive government and the performance of Justice. He will answer to the Greek people and to democracy for its violation.

Citizens of Thessaloniki, some people tell us that we are regurgitating slogans of the past. I want to tell you something: change is not a slogan of yesterday, because it has become a need of today. And it has become a necessity of today because it has been made relevant again by the worst right-wing government since the post-war period. It is not a slogan, it is an expectation, it is a hope, it is a need. Because we are not just talking about change in government, we are talking about change in our lives, we are talking about bringing justice back into our lives, we are talking about bringing democracy back into power. That is what we ask for, that is what we expect, that is what we fight for, and that is what we will achieve together on Sunday with our vote.

Citizens of Thessaloniki, "Sunday Short Feast". Mr Mitsotakis has been showing symptoms of panic in recent days. Strange for someone who has such a wide lead in the polls. Strange! He has resorted to the last line of defence, which, may I say, is the last line of defence of all authoritarian regimes. What is that? Fear. The spread of fear. Look, he says change means adventures, Syriza means adventures, while his regime means stability. Do you know what is happening here? History is repeating itself, but as a farce. Throughout our history, oppressors, conquerors, authoritarian regimes have always said exactly the same thing: "Don't resist, don't rise up, don't speak, don't even dream, because that means adventures." But our people have both memory and judgment.

Because adventure is what we are living today at a huge cost, and not just financial cost, a cost of dignity, I would say. A cost of life. Because there is no stability without justice, there is no stability without democracy, there is no stability without social cohesion, without trust. And that is why there will never be stability without political change. Only change will bring stability to our country. And SYRIZA is today the great force for change, but also the great force for stability, the most effective force for stability. We have been tested in difficult times, we have faced a state of siege with responsibility, but with determination, with maturity, with careful choice of every step. That is how we kept Greece standing, that is how we restored democratic and social stability.

And today we can look Greek citizens in the eye and say: we know, but now we know and we can. Because we are not asking for a second chance, we are asking for the first chance to govern outside the memoranda, outside the constraints, without the Troika, without Schäuble. And the Greek people will give us this opportunity. We have the determination, but we also have the people who are experienced and younger, scientists who are close to society, people with calculation and vision. We also have the programme, the plan to implement it. We have, of course, been told lately that our plan is unworkable. We answer them: Our programme is costed euro by euro, drawn up through years of dialogue with social groups, confirmed by leading expert technocrats and scientists. Those who find it unworkable are those who know that it is very workable; they find it unworkable. And why? Because they fear its implementation. And I refer to the big interests of widespread corruption.

For them it will indeed come at a cost, I want to be honest. Our programme will come at a cost to the funds, because they will not take the houses of poor people and the middle class. Our program will cost the cartels because it will stop the subsidies and the obscenity party. And it will also cost the day laborers, because it will stop the direct contracting party. Remember a video that came out ten days ago? They will be damaged, it's true they will be damaged. But human lives will benefit. Did you see a video a few days ago that came out? I believe you must have seen it, with an employer threatening his workers that if they vote for Syriza, he may even fire them and next to the Minister of Development, who is laughing. Well, this video proves that some people are indeed afraid to implement our program because it will cost them. Because direct awards will be cut. Because we're going to bring in collective agreements. Because we're going to give workers rights because they're going to stop taking excess profits out of the worker's marrow. Our program will come at a cost to them.

But it will not be costless, it will just as much benefit young people, people of production and creation. And not only for the workers, but also for the small and medium-sized enterprises that cannot even get out of the banks today, for honest entrepreneurs.
I want to say a few words to you, citizens of Thessaloniki, about this Contract for Change that we submitted a few days ago to the judgment of the Greek people. And we ask the Greek people to go to the ballot box knowing the 11 articles of this Contract. But let me briefly say their meaning, so that everyone knows what it means to vote for Syriza on the coming Sunday. I will say four things. A vote for Syriza means: Wage increase, price reduction, debt settlement and a fair, efficient state, a strong social state next to the citizen. That is what a vote for SYRIZA means. By voting for SYRIZA, all these things will happen. Along with the restoration of institutions and democracy, the strengthening of public health and education, the protection of the weak, the protection of culture and the environment, the protection of people with disabilities, the support of women and young people.

Today I want to address young people in particular. I want to address the young people here in Thessaloniki, in the city where we have had the authoritarian behaviour of the police on campus, the students who are demonstrating, the students who are having fun without any provocation. I want to address the young people in Thessaloniki, who a few days ago flooded Aristotelous Square to demand water as a public good. I want to address the young people and say to them: your participation will decide the election result. Go to the ballot box, go to the ballot box to throw the polls in the bucket. Go to the ballot box to send Mr Mitsotakis home; go to the ballot box to bring Change.  All the great conquests of our people were made with the Youth in the front line. 450,000 young people 17 to 24. They will decide the outcome.

I also want to tell them that a vote for SYRIZA is not just a vote for a party that claims power. It is the harshest punishment for the regime that governs us. Because the regime that governs us has only one fear, you know that. Its fear is that its favourite Prime Minister, Mr Mitsotakis, will be defeated. And Mr Mitsotakis will only be defeated if Syriza wins. There is no other choice. So, a vote for SYRIZA is the hardest punitive, anti-systemic, anti-establishment vote, because it is the vote that will bring down on the 22nd of this month this regime of injustice and exploitation, this regime of targeting young people. However, I would also like to say a few words about the progressive, democratic forces, because the contract for change that we have tabled is addressed to every citizen, but it is also addressed to every progressive force that is at least capable of grasping the needs of the times, that does not play games with Mr Mitsotakis by giving him gifts, such as these gifts with the strange 'Demeter' and the Schaeuble plans. But also to those forces that do not get trapped in convenient bipartisan, convenient for the regime.

Why do you know something, citizens of Thessaloniki? Workers and young people and small and medium-sized entrepreneurs - but let me speak for the workers, because many people speak in the name of the working class - want to know what will happen on Monday, who will be the government that will govern the country. They want to know whether the workers will continue to work with unpaid overtime, without a Labour Inspectorate, without collective agreements, with low wages.

Some people can't tell us that it is the same Syriza programme that will change all this, as the New Democracy programme that implemented it. They cannot insist on an unhistorical rhetoric that reminds us of times of great mistakes by the Left itself, which led to political tragedies. They cannot tell us 'what Plastira, what Papagos, what Syriza, what New Democracy'. And they will take responsibility for their choice on 22 May. Just as some people cannot tell us that they have, and indeed exclusively, the intellectual legacy of Andreas Papandreou and not respect his basic principle: that he never made a two-front, but had only one front against the Right. So we also say that we have only one front: the right-wing of Mr Mitsotakis, the worst right-wing since the post-war period. And we extend the hand of cooperation to all progressive forces, but also to every democrat, progressive citizen who wants to change his life in the next day.

Friends, I am sure from your presence today... You know what? Normally I would have to close this speech now, but I do not want to leave the Chamber, because your presence fills me with optimism, fills me with strength. We have never had such a large gathering in Thessaloniki and I do not want to leave the podium. On 22 May we want a new day to dawn for our people and I think the dilemma of these elections is clear to everyone. The dilemma of these elections is change or Mitsotakis for another four years. The dilemma of these elections is SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance or the continuation of injustice and exploitation. And I am sure the vast majority of young people, workers, the middle class have already made their decision. On Sunday the lies end. And on Sunday we want and you want the people, the democratic people, to celebrate in the afternoon, in the evening when the results come out. The cartels should not celebrate, the cartels should not celebrate, the obscenity should not celebrate, the powerful should not celebrate. We want Sunday to bring the victory of democracy and justice. We want our people to write history again, we want it to be a historic day again, the 21st of May to be written in history. Let us all go together to make this a reality.

Change and justice, you know, are now outside our door. Open the door to Change and Justice with your vote, with your participation, young people, young people, working men and women, small and medium-sized enterprises, all together to give power to Change, power to our lives. And I want, in closing, to ask you just one favor. Open the door to justice and to Change on Sunday with your vote. But there are four days left until Sunday. Home the home, cafe the cafe, workplace the workplace, village the village, man the man this election will be decided in a few thousand votes. This is the real picture. We will be ahead if all of you who are here today give your whole soul to the ballot box. To bring first of all a great victory in Thessaloniki, to be first in Thessaloniki, to be first in Thessaloniki, to be first in Thessaloniki, and you will give the message of victory to all of Greece. In all of Greece we will be first. Bye! Good strength and good fight! Let's go strong for victory! Today Thessaloniki showed victory, our rally is the truest show of victory. We will win! Hello!
