For social Greece, which is the cornerstone of our programme, I would say that it has two major priorities: health and education. In health, we must heal the wounds that undeniably exist. In education, we must continue the great strides we have made in this four-year period and make leaps and bounds.We cannot have patients still today suffering in cots or waiting months for an operation. These things must come to an end. We have done a very serious job, a trial run, over the last four months to see how we can finally get rid of the cots on call in Attica.Yesterday, after a long time, we had a call without a single cot. We can deal with these problems too, provided we bend over the problem and dare to 'break eggs' and confront established attitudes.Eighty hospitals will have new emergency departments, 156 health centres - very important for a region where many people live in the region with many health centres - will be new.We will recruit - and we have to find a way to speed up the procedures of the APS and we will do it, you cannot wait three years before you are appointed - 10,000 doctors, mainly nurses in health care over the next four years, permanent regular staff.I want to reduce the waiting time in operating theatres by 50%, I want to reduce the waiting time in emergency rooms by 70% and in outpatient clinics by 80%. But at the same time, I want to develop primary care before you get to the hospital.I want to close the backlog. And we are ready to issue the relevant ministerial decision on air ambulances in our mountains, so that we don't have any more victims because a helicopter can't arrive in time to pick up an injured person.To continue the all-important programme of preventive examinations, which literally save lives. For women over 50 and up to 69, they have all received a message telling them to "go and get a free mammogram"; already, nearly 150,000 women have taken advantage of this free benefit. Many of them may have been in a village, never had a mammogram in their lives or never been to a private centre. Because they can have it in both a private and a public centre for free, I stress that.Look, almost 8,000 women have been identified with early breast cancer. These women didn't know they were sick. Now they know it and they can be cured and get well. That means health for all in practice and an emphasis on prevention; and we don't stop there. We have a full programme, EUR 500 million I have allocated from the Recovery Fund in total for the Spyros Doxiadis Programme, including screening for colorectal cancer, lung cancer for our smokers, other gynaecological screening. It is a hugely important programme, because it means that we can finally prevent the disease before it strikes us and possibly before it is too late.