We need a break with their lie, we need a break with their whole false, polite, supposedly civilized system, which at the same time as it is looting people, trampling people, injuring students in universities, abolishing the national health system, abolishing the institution of the full-time, full-time doctor. At the same time that they are signing up for mining that will rape nature without any economic benefit for the Greek people, at the same time that they have created that dream of Hercules, the secondary market of red loans. Which will not only throw a million and a half people out on the street, but will take 70 billion to take to the Cayman Islands. At a time when none of them dare to whisper that they will abolish an energy exchange that is nothing more than the Vardinoyannis, Peristeri, Mytilineos, Latsis and CVC cartel of a predatory hedgefund from London, along with Macquarie, a predatory Australian bank that has taken over Deddeus. Not a word even from some supposed progressives who say they will nationalise the PPC. Yes, the small PPC. The small one that was in public hands until last year you saw no difference between now and then unless you abolish the energy exchange unless you abolish Hercules with the red loans unless you abolish it in the Superfund. On the demitra, one of the great criticisms they have of the demitra is that it has not been implemented, it says nowhere else in Europe because you guys have implemented the Super Fund? Do you know of any country that has a super fund, not in Europe, in the whole planet, not only today, but never. What is a super fund? The Troika gave orders to Tsakalotos and Tsipras to create a superfund as if they were superman, and in which we will put all the public property that they have not already sold off. Okay, that in itself is not a tragedy you make a supposed public entity that puts in all public property into. Yeah, who do you give the keys to? It has a President appointed by the troika and it has a Vice President appointed by the troika and it has a statute that says without the Vice President and without the President it makes no decisions. In other words, we are the only country on the planet that in the history of mankind has officially by decision, by vote, by legislation of our House of Representatives, their House of Representatives, right? Their majority of the memorandum parties handed over the keys to all public property to foreign powers. Not even the Wehrmacht did that. Hitler didn't do that either.