Yes, let me tell you, it's what the Greek government gives to the national health system. What we gave for the national health system. We gave them the oligarchs the moneyed actions, if the neo-democrats, the popular right, the people of the shops, the people of the breadwinner who vote as they voted in the 20s and 30s popular right with the ERE, then New Democracy. These people who are the main victims of the new democracy, the main victims of Kyriakos Mitsotakis, the main victims of the Troika, if they knew it, they would have risen up that everything that goes to the national health system is the money that they gave, they gave, we are not talking about something that the general accountant of the state, the Bank of Greece will admit that we will save five and a half billion from the state budget because we will not give it to those who do not need it. Of course, they will say it or they will say it and they will have a stroke and then they will be fired, they will lose their jobs in a day if they do such a costing. When we talk about cutting VAT from 24% to 15%, you know what they do? They say fine. So, it will reduce by 9% the total amount the state receives from 24 15. If they were first-year students in their first semester at university and they were saying such nonsense, we would have cut them off. It's like telling a store here that if you drop your price 9% you will sell the same. It won't sell more. There's a shopkeeper who doesn't understand that when you drop the price you sell more. The Troika, the Bank of Greece, New Democracy, SYRIZA and PASOK pretend that the demand for anyone who has suffered economically the demand for goods and services is completely inelastic. This goose for insulin can. When someone needs insulin they will get a certain amount no matter how much they do in the shops it is not true. So they will price on the basis of inelastic demand just to prove it. That we will lose billions nonsense they have calculated the VAT tax avoidance we will save because? We are human beings and most of us are not snipe hunters. They don't want to feel bad when they trade in the black, they would rather trade with receipts and normally, but they don't. When they don't have one the pensioners, the people who live on minimum wage and you put 24% VAT on it and the shop knows that if they don't sell it black the shop itself will go out of business and the shop will be taken over by the fan predators. Q. There will be a transaction under the table. Do you know how much the Greek government would save if we reduced VAT? They know if you ask Staikouras, Tsakalotos and he doesn't have a microphone in front of him, he doesn't have a microphone in front of him. On a personal level I know because I have done it. You nonsense no 24% VAT? They should not fall of course. And why don't you? It doesn't leave us. Who won't let you? The troika. Didn't you get rid of the troika? Like hell they did.