And then Mitsotakis wonders why Cretans don't vote for him? It's very simple, Kyriakos, because we know you because we know you are from our part of the world because we know the Mitsotakis family because we know the Vardinoyannis family because we know the Kefalogiannis family because we know who you are and we know what you have been doing since 1965 until today in the junta before the junta after the junta. That is why the people of this island are blackening you. Of our Crete and that is why I feel so good to be here tonight. You know, right-wing people, right-wing people come and tell me with what you say you might not come home at night. Right-wing people come and tell me if we live in the shadow of fear we don't deserve to have the next day dawn on us. The day 25 alliance for rupture we are here fearlessly naming them because comrades of Antarsya, comrades of the KKE know that Vardinoyannis, Mitsotakis, Alafouzos, Mytilineos when they hear your very nice speeches about the importance of the transition from capitalism to socialism to communism, when they hear or see your pamphlets talking about how we must move to new forms of production and distribution of income on the basis of central planning. I read these and my heart is gladdened and I want to talk with you. I said it to Zaraliko, when he asked me to whom you would talk, to whom you would put a question, I said to Koutsouba come we will come and talk about socialism. But when Mytilineos, Vardinoyannis and Mitsotakis listen to the parties, the small parties, we are all small pieces of the left, talking about communism and socialism, they don't mind. He says to you okay fine let them say when Vardinoyannis is listening to the Day 25 alliance for the break Vardinoyannis is saying what Vardinoyannis is doing with his tankers the smuggling that he has been doing for years when he hears Alafouzos, Marinakis, Mytilineos, Peristeri to explain exactly the mechanisms by which they plunder, which are not capitalist mechanisms, they are feudal mechanisms, they are mechanisms that the Sicilian mafia understands very well. A stockbroker in New York will be rubbing his eyes. He tells them how do you do this? That's what the KKE will get: the Baroufakis is with the New York brokers, no, my dear, I'm not with the New York brokers, I'm just saying that here the forms of exploitation and plunder are pre-capitalist, they are totally vulgar, they are primitive, they are mafioso, as is the energy stock exchange.