I say it and I say it again, Thatcher was a socialist in front of Syriza. Which put the energy stock market in place, let me explain so you don't think I'm going too far. How did Thatcher persuade the British people in 1980 to privatise the British PPP? They had no problem with their PPP. They had a perfectly good power company. So the British Central Electricity Generating Bolt. That was the name of the PPP in Britain, Thatcher goes and says to the people, look at this, I've got an idea. Watch with them it says what is the price of a kilowatt hour that we pay today 20? I'm putting a number on it now. So it comes out to 20 then, look at this, I'm going to make I'm going to legislate that the price of a kilowatt hour will never go over 20, when. Eternally. I'm going to privatise the PPC, break it up into pieces, give pieces to private individuals, get other private individuals to build power plants and distribution plants and create a false market between them. And if the price because of this competition that I build drops below 20 what do you care? Of course everyone said even workers and leftists. Of course we don't mind why should we mind if the price goes down? He's put, plate, he's made an energy exchange and he's put a cap on it. Our people. The luminaries, George Stathakis, my former friend, my former colleague at the universities, my partner in government was on the top floor above me in the Syntagma Square building, I was in the sixth Ministry of Finance, he was in the seventh Ministry of Development and Growth. What did George do with Alexis? They set up an energy exchange without a cap, without the cap that Thatcher put on it because they said, "But the market is self-regulating and we'll all eat with golden spoons. Isn't that what Stathakis was telling us? No cap. Now look. To believe that the market is self-regulating, you have to be a gaga neoliberal. But you can't get more neoliberal than that, Thatcher didn't believe it, so she put a cap on it. They, you know, don't want to be reduced to luminaries, they didn't think of the energy exchange. The energy exchange was brought to them from Brussels and I said yes to everything, like they said to red loans, like we are against 24% VAT like they said to 100% prepayment of shop tax. Here these shops that we see this year will have to pay not only this year's tax but also the tax that the aadeh says they will have to pay next year. Yes, SYRIZA said to all of them. That's what the worse than Thatcher tells you about. Firstly, Thatcher would not take orders from Brussels. Second she didn't cap you guys and this is coming from someone who spent my youth 10 years in every I didn't miss march against Thatcher while I lived in England I didn't miss picket line in 1984 it's etched black in my guts because that was the year the miners the National Union of Mineworkers fought that heroic battle against Thatcher. We were on the pickets every day from Kent to Northampton to Nottingham fighting against Thatcher. So I say to you that Thatcher was more socialist than Syriza.