They will not abolish Hercules. Alexis Tsipras made it clear. We will cut the loans, he says. To the funds. Watch out this says 50% to see what the buisness plan of a fund is right now. The buisness plan of a fund right now is this. It gets the loan of 100,000. It has bought it with 3K, it takes it with 3 3 gives it 3K so it has the right to legally claim 100 from you. He knows he won't get 100 because if you had it you would have given it to the bank. Like you can give 100. That's why the loan is in the red, because you can't give. He expects to get 50. It's bad; he'll have given 30, he'll have made a profit of 47, Is there such a profit rate in capitalism in New York is there in Singapore, is there in Shanghai is there? Where is there such a profit rate? Neither in Kenya, nor in Ghana where foreign multinationals are stealing the world, they don't make such profit rates. Not even in Khartoum. Well done and say Khartoum with you. So they will make 70 billion in the Cayman Islands and by the way, check this out. Exporting foreign exchange when they get the money out to the Cayman Islands will not be illegal. They won't pay a penny of tax. And it's not illegal for them to take all that money out and put it in Cayman Islands, it's in the county and not only that you know they've signed the majority in the House have legislated that we've ensured them a minimum they'll get 70, but we've ensured them a minimum profitability of 23 billion this broken bankrupt state. This broken, bankrupt society. It has promised 23 billion to the predatory funds, that is, if an example of Syriza comes out and abolishes auctions forever, it will not do it, but at least. This government will have to go to the troika to borrow the 23 billion for 23 billion is not in the funds, it will have to go and borrow the 23 billion to give it to the funds. That's what we would tell them around the table, guys, how do we do that? Yes it can be done it can't be done and protect the primary residence the small businesses the farm land that is red because it is intertwined as collateral within red loans it can't be done and protect those and not give 23 billion to the predatory funds and not abolish Hercules. Do you understand why they never came to talk to us? They did not answer this ashes in the eyes of the Greek people, they throw ashes in the eyes of the Greek people when they say that they will protect the main main main house and will not abolish Hercules. They will protect households and homes and shops from electricity bills and they will not abolish the energy exchange. These things don't go together. Either one or the other or you keep Hercules and you keep The Energy Exchange or you protect people, you protect shops, you protect workers, you protect households and both are not done when you say they are done you submit another Thessaloniki program that requires a break with the Troika that you have pledged to never do in other words you are lying incessantly repeatedly and continuously.