Our Crete is a base for the American army, as is our Alexandroupolis. Which according to the former ambassador of the United States, Mr. Pyatt, who thanked Mr. Tsipras for pointing out Alexandroupolis to him because he hadn't thought of it and thanked him because this has never happened before in the history of post-war Greece, usually what did they do? The Americans come and say this is what I want in Souda, they came, they said we want it. And the others said of course, General, what do you want? Do you want anything else? This is the first time that a Greek Prime Minister of the Radical Left went and said to the American ambassador and said look at a small port that we have there in Thrace, Alexandroupolis. It's good for you. Take it and he comes back after 3 years and says thank you. It was a very good idea, we took it. And right now it's a base for the American army in the war in Ukraine. We know the day 25 alliance for rupture, like DIEM 25, like the progressive international with our fellow travelers and our comrades worldwide. We are not afraid of presenting a dialectically complex position. Of saying neither Putin nor NATO. We are a movement of nonaligned and being nonaligned does not mean neutral; we are on the side of any people who are being invaded, whether it is Ukraine, whether it is Palestine, whether it is Yemen, whether it is Iraq, whether it is Afghanistan, whether it is Greece or Cyprus. Every country that every people that is being invaded, we are with them. Without a second thought I went out and called Putin a war criminal since 2001. It is because in 2001 he killed 250,000 Chechens to establish his presidency in Moscow. Jeremy Corbyn and I were outside High Park at the time, Jeremy and I and another man. 3 sad protesters because Putin was coming on an official visit to London with Tony Blair as Prime Minister Tony Blair all these supposedly civilised far right centrists. They rolled out the red carpet for him to do business with after he had killed 250,000 Chechens.