This one here, these ones have an obligation. Next week, plow the law with a smile. Because you know what? Our smiles are the oligarchs, the capitalists, the imperialists, the imperialists, their scum, their horde, our smiles are their terror. So smile and mean it and have a good time because a fight that is fought beautifully is more easily won. Thank you very much. As they are leaving these days I was reminded of something that the great fighter for the freedom of the Indian people, Mahatma Gandhi, had said. Gandhi had said that when you are a danger to the conquerors for the conquerors for the rulers for the haves and the have-nots, the first thing they do that they try is to ignore you at first, hoping that you are like a fly like a horsefly that will go away and leave them alone. The second thing they do when they see that you don't go away, you keep bothering them, is to ridicule you they laugh at you Haha what are they talking about? When that doesn't work either, then they start looking closely. In what way, with what words, with what programs, with what policies, with what politics are you addressing the souls of the people? And they do everything to distort them. Example? The flagship of our country's oligarchic press, the once great Kathimerini. The other day they published two and a half thousand words. Here ask journalists to tell you that two and a half thousand words is an epic. A huge article for a newspaper. They never publish two and a half thousand words to deconstruct Demetra. You see, the debunking didn't work either that they ignored Dimitra, so they recruited a group of what they call a large group of experts from various says sides, namely Stournaras Bank of Greece, no National Bank, no council of economic experts of our under occupied finance ministry from no general accounting department of the state and this under occupied by the troika. And they wrote a scientific text in which they try to show that Demetra cannot work, cannot be implemented, that it is in conflict with the rules of the European Union.