Go to the website of the Day 25 Today Alliance for Rupture and you will see the full response. Not even their distortion will pass. And then, as Gandhi said, Remember what he said first they ignore you then they ridicule you. Third step is to distort you and the fourth step is to bully you. Mr Vangelis Marinakis has instructed the mass deception media, which he owns. To exclude every member, executive, spokesman of the Day 25 alliance for the break. The others speak for us without us. The others are suing our parliamentary representative for speaking the truth from the floor of the House about Mr. Alafuzos, that while the Skaj has painted himself yellow and blue, in the colors of Ukraine, and calling anyone who dares to speak about the obvious that a peace process is needed to stop the war, to stop killing Ukrainians Russians in perpetuity, Putinaki. Not to mention the people starving to death in Africa because of the increase in fertilizer prices due to the increase in agricultural products. We are being called Poutinakia by our shki, while Alafouzos with his tankers along with Vardinoyannis' tankers, to mention another Cretan name here. Together with Marinakis' tankers they are carrying 65% of Putin's oil out here offshore between Crete and the Peloponnese, transferring it from one tanker to another to hide the fact that it is Russian oil. They dare to smear us as faggots and when we say it in the plenary of the Parliament, Kleonas, what do they do? They sue Cleon, which this idiot, think what kind of news is this? That you have a canal owner shipowner suing a representative of a parliamentary representative of a parliamentary party. Isn't that news in the face of all the nonsense they write? None of them have written it none of them would have reported it. It is a form of bullying. First Marinakis starts calling our party and telling Cleon Grigoriadis don't send him to a TV election panel send someone else choose a political opponent from within our party if possible. Good journalist of the New, he asked me for an interview he had interviewed me many times before. I will not mention the name now you know, a very good journalist. I answered it, I sat down for a whole day and honored his questions with very serious answers, the man thanks me. Thank you very much. Tomorrow morning it will be published. We hear that he was instructed by Marinakis not to dare to publish Varoufakis' interview. Then Michael Kritharidis. Before Eric Edman he was our press spokesman now he is a candidate in Thessaloniki, he gets a phone call at the last minute from Mega don't come order from above. Today they had booked Kriton Arsenis for election night. They called him, you will not be invited. It's a form of bullying.