Red loans. Yes yes I ask you to raise your hand to me that you have a problem with loans. Honestly now so. Well look, you're not alone, we have a million and a half Greeks who have red loans and you know what? We're going to have 700,000. Within the next year, because loans that are red today are going red because the interest rates have gone up and because the incomes the real incomes, after you pay the electricity after you pay the supermarket you pay the tuition for your kids disappear but you're going to redden another 7 20. The Greek population is basically in red loans. Now some people are telling me well Johnny. If what you say is true, why is gold the newspaper of the New York financiers? Gold became the brokers' paper in London. They talk in the most... excited terms. And aggressive. Identification of Greece. Are they so glorifying Tsipras? As much as Mitsotakis. How is that possible? Nothing good can have been done to this country Well, listen, don't let them make fun of you if you are. Stockbroker. In New York in London you have every reason to rub your hands, you are listening to Greece. And he's drooling. With joy. Why is there so much food in Greece for him? Why do you owe 100 grand? Well, you got yourself a house. I'll give you a specific example of a man who already knew. He had gotten a house once for 130 grand. So he put down 60. And. He borrowed the rest. Within 6, 7, 8 years he had paid off a big chunk of the loan, but then the crisis happens he can't pay it. That amount he had left next year he had no more than 30 grand left. Today it's 100 with the overcoats. With the penalties with one thing and another he owes 100 on the house. He's paid it in. Big over 50% of his own. The money has already paid it back over 50%. And yet here comes a fund set up in Delaware in the United States or Jersey which is an island between France and Britain. There they are, you know, tax havens. You set up a company there and even the state doesn't know. Who owns the company? Is it understandable? We're talking about criminal situations. So they set up a fund. Now who is it that has founded it? It may be the Greek banker, it may be the English banker. Usually they have shareholders, they have contributed bankers or raw or. Mitsotakis' social circle and of course the London and EU financiers. New York. So then I say, come on this man's they take away the 100,000 loan he now owes for 3 grand. And they start bashing him daily, humiliating him with one phone call after another, one humiliation after another. What's the goal for you to think about if this house? They put it up for auction for 50 grand. This man has given up about 90,100 out of his own pocket already. They're putting it under the hammer for 50 grand. They've given 3. They've given 3 and they're holding 47 grand in their pocket. And that's what they're making. In Jersey and then from there they go to Kaman Island because Kaman Island is their bank and they don't pay taxes? Think about that crime? For three grand they took the House of Man. And at the same time they took 40 50 grand out of the country and do you know how Mr. Staikouras the Minister of Finance counts that from today until the day before yesterday? As a direct foreign investment and he asks you to praise him for the increase in foreign direct investment, he says, for the 3,000 euros that the fund allegedly counts as investment, 3,000 euros came from abroad to Greece and went to 50. And they say to me Some well Okay I don't have a loan what do I care. I've paid off all the loans. It doesn't go choking the one who did the stupid thing to get it, does it? Friends and friends, why why why? When you own your shop you even haven't done, you've paid off, you've never had a loan so good for you Thought yes, but when the shop next door is killed by the predatory cashier, it brings down the price of his own shop. So it has an impact on you. We are not proposing with the Odysseus plan to replace Hercules to give away loans because the one who has paid back the loan that didn't get a loan. And he did not say what a nut so to take it out in the subic, but I am stupid because I did not also take a loan if you give it away we do not say this we say something very, very reasonable. We are creating a public company public company, which in fact will not even have branches, nowhere it will be electronic, it will be through the Internet as one of these platforms will pass all the red loans on the books. The accounts of this company. Nice you who owns a primary residence or a small business. Fine freeze your loan freeze what was this remains and. You pay a fee to this company that will not exceed 1/6th. Of your disposable income to use it or run your shop or live with your family in that house. Forever, for as long as it takes to get through this crisis until we can see what we can do to give you a big haircut. So that this public management company that has given some money to the predatory funds to get these loans to move. At some point the value of the property will outgrow it, it will exceed the value of the loan, then you can either sell it if you want to, but you won't lose the percentage it has already paid off. That is, if you've paid off 40%. When it's sold, you get the 40%. But right now with what they're doing you can be 90% paid off, the predatory fund comes in, takes it, puts it under the hammer. And you get exactly what? Zero to zero on the quotient.