So they don't want you to hear now and again about the energy exchange, do you understand what the energy exchange is? Because if I believe this, that if a New Democrat I'm not talking about my people or our people, a New Democrat understood what the energy exchange is. She would have risen up to eat them. Her people, his people. Because think about what they did? What had we built a PPP? Out of the Greek people's savings. Konstantinos Karamanlis wasn't even a leftist. Konstantinos Karamanlis started building the PPP. When was it 57 58? The PPC is what the Trojans, the vampelites came and imposed on the government of George Papandreou. Do you remember two thousand DEKA so the breakage to break the PPC, they built the deddee which is the distribution network? They built ADMIE. Which is the high-power network for long-distance transmission and. Then they started to give it to, for example, Mytilineos, which is Mytilineos. He went and bought Aluminion of Greece in the old PESINE if you remember so, they gave him all the debts, of PESINE to PPC which was, it wasn't an eup of the country, almost uh not so much, but it was huge amounts they gave him that. And on top of that they gave him a license to produce electricity, to sell it to the PPC, not only did he not pay the PPC, but he was taking out of the PPC and at some point they abolished the PPC and made him a millennial man and then they fixed it under SYRIZA like that, after I resigned from the government with Stathakis and Tsipras going on TV and saying we have fixed the energy exchange, everything is going to be much better in energy for the country. Your bills will go down because we are introducing, he says competition in the stock exchange, in the stock exchange, in a stock exchange there is competition So there are many buyers who. compete with each other and so the price goes up there are many sellers who compete with each other and the price goes down and so there comes an equilibrium which normally, according to the theory of the Liberal economists, balances the market. Yes folks, but in a stock exchange whether it is in Paris or whether it is in London or whether it is in New York there must be hundreds of thousands of players for it to work for there to be a market, for there to be competition. Here you know that there are 5. 5 5 5 People don't make a stock exchange, you know, they make a café? And not a very nice one at that. So this tab is a coffee shop. So 5 people sit around and say nice. Let's compete with each other to fix the price of electricity that the suckers will pay. You see what happens, they get along. And then what he comes along and does. Mitsotakis A.E. to steal from people. They were at one point to the point where it was 500 € per megawatt hour. 500 € on the stock exchange and he comes and says, we had made proposals with MERA 25. With great intensity to have a cap that is. In particular. The kilowatt-hours produced by wind energy. It is provided free, the cost is zero when you have the wind turbine turns that zero cost of production when you have a hydroelectric project. Running water turn. The turbine produces zero kilowatt-hour has a maintenance cost. The turbine but what a bullshit nothing is yes, but you pay for that power as if it was produced from the most expensive liquefied natural gas that comes not from Putin anymore, but because of war Ukraine comes from Texas. Imagine what price you are paying. They take gas out of the ground in Texas, liquefy it, take it to -250 degrees to liquefy it, put it on a tanker and bring it here. You understand and that's the price you pay. The kilowatt hour, produced by our own former PPP with the Water of God turning the turbine at zero cost and they pocket it.