The company that took over the PPC is CVC which took over the private hospitals. You know the Health in Athens, the Metropolitan in Thessaloniki. So it is trying to get its hand into the NHS and it took over the PPC. Deddee let me tell you about deddee that it is the one that transmits the electricity. From the power plants to our home nicely. They gave him to an Australian bank called Macquarie that I happen to know. I know they're common law criminals. And I'm telling you straight out and we have cameras and please sue me. Is this the same company or mackaroo that before he came to take the bundle had gone to England and bought the London water company all of London 5 years ago, the London water company, the London EWS? Which is called Thames Water, he had taken it for £5 billion. Not Euro pounds 5 million pounds 5 million pounds. Of that three he didn't have, he borrowed it and dumped it on Temps Water. And what does he do with it? He borrows a total of another £10 billion. Using the company he bought as collateral. And you know what they're saying? That was invested, not distributed to shareholders, it was eaten, it was eaten and now Temps Water is left. Without antiquated technology, London's water quality is crap. The sewers are constantly overflowing and water is falling into the Thames and the seas. Because there is no infrastructure, there is no investment, but they have taken the 10 billion and pocketed it and gone. They have the money, do you understand? These criminals have the right to know what they're going to do, May 1st; now the day after tomorrow. You guys look at the utility bill. Whatever that bill is. Anyway you will see that there is a fixed charge for the dedje. Which so far is 52 cents per kilowatt hour. You know it's going to go on the first of May 4.4 € from 52 cents to 4.4 € per kilowatt hour that's a 752% increase and that's what he decided. The maquari that has taken it has tied it together with Mitsotakis. I could tell you stories. Piraeus, Piraeus Bank, which we have saved 4 times, we Greek citizens, you your children have borrowed 4 times to save Piraeus. Do you know to whom they have given it to another criminal under common law? Please Mr. John Polson, we have a camera Yes, Mr. John Polson, because he is the one who has taken you are common law criminals Please sue me like Alafouzos did to Kleonas. Have some fun and come make a complaint because he says he was a criminal.