I want to say this, have you heard all the demonization now all the scaremongering of Varoufakis and Mera will close our banks one after the other E E E heard this Do you know why they say this? So that what I'm telling you now won't be heard. So that the people out there don't know that the young New Democrats don't know how they are being looted, how they are living obscenely close to their own people, because that's the problem with the popular class A Right, whether it was the People's Party, Old H The ERE, New Democracy are stealing from their people because the vast majority of people who vote for New Democracy are breadwinners they are small and middle class, they are not predators, Few are the predators who take them. That's why there is day 25. To call a spade a spade we are not afraid. We name them. Did you see who they're thanking? Latsis came out and thanked Samaras, Tsipras, Mitsotakis. You saw who they are suing Cleon and I hope the gentleman will sue me and do me a favour. But know that there is a political cost. This comes out of the demonization we have received. On a personal level, both my Danish wife and I and all of his children day 25. There's an encouragement if you will. Troubled people resorting to violence against us is fine with us. This is the stakes of the election to tell the truth to testify as we have been doing for 4 years now and judge us because we have filed draft bills in the House on red loans, on the energy exchange, on taxation. We're a group of very much a handful of MPs and we've done more work than the rest of them. House, I really say that. I'm not saying it to brag, but if you look at the work they've done. The MPs along with Alexis Smyrlis who want to thank him Alexis is a young man who has is like St. Anoufrios which has melted because for 4 years now he has been working 22 hours a day. He is an economist, he helps to work on our draft laws. We have, I am very proud of his team of day 25 and now we are together with other forces of the left, with the popular unity, with Seraphim Seferiadis from the university with Herault, they are very great. A fighter from Larissa with Mario Dinalis from Crete with Dimitris Zervoudakis from Thessaloniki. With too many people, with too many movements. On day 25 in the Alliance for Rupture as we now call this frontal united effort not only will we be in Parliament, there is no doubt about it. We will be in parliament and very much strengthened, but we will also be something else, much more important that the real struggle begins after the elections. We are creating the great democratic militant leftist party that this country no longer has that and it must have it thank you very much for being here. In the end I spoke more than I wanted to speak, but I could not.