Friends, compañeras and compañeros. And from here, from Egaleo, from the western districts of Athens, where the lives of tens of thousands of working-class families are squeezed, here where the hope for a better tomorrow passes every day through individual and collective toil and struggle, we want to address our hopeful call: Now is the time for decisive support and strengthening of the KKE! In the elections of May 21, we can terrorize those who terrorize us. We can neutralize their dilemmas and blackmail. To think and choose this time on the basis of our own interests, our own anxieties and our own needs.The thousands of workers, the unemployed who live in these neighbourhoods, the high school students who will be voting for the first time, the young people studying at the University of West Attica, the women who carry double and triple burdens at work and in the family, all of them know in their hearts that they have nothing substantial to expect from any government that is formed, among the parties that have ruled so far, ND, SYRIZA and PASOK and their various willing partners. They are not touched by the cockfights that take place for show, between those who have implemented and are alternately implementing the same and unchanging policy on the basic issues, for the benefit of the few.

Any ordinary person you ask will tell you one thing by instinct: "Whoever comes out will do the same thing." After all, we have seen it time and time again. And they are right. That's what the KKE says. That everyone else agrees on the critical things, the things that define our lives. That's why they have a common program. They are committed to serving this system, the interests and goals of those who hold the real power in this country: The industrialists, the shipowners, the bankers, the bankers, all kinds of "investors" - robbers - all those who live a life spoiled by the work of our own class, our own people. The election programmes of these parties, the 50 and 100 day programmes as they say, are made fancy, and they choose nice locations to present them. We would say that they are reminiscent of the contracts that banks sign with borrowers. They are presented in an attractive way, but the traps are hidden in the fine print, in the things that are not said.In the fine print of the election manifestos of both the New Democracy and Syriza parties, one can read their vows of loyalty to the Recovery Fund, the EU's super-memorandum with its harsh anti-people's preconditions and the commitments that its money will only end up with big business interests.It will read about the investment grade target, the assessments for which are made on the basis of specific criteria: extension of anti-labour legislation, privatisations, auctions, bloody surpluses, etc.It will read about the European Green Deal that will bring guaranteed profits to capital and very expensive "green" goods in Energy, transport, houses, food for the people.All the above and more is the "big picture" that will determine the programme of the next government. Any pre-election proclamations are just mockery, as has been proven in the past.

So we say to you: Don't waste your time looking for minor differences that exist, but which do not change the situation of the people of our region. The only anxiety that you all should have, which we have too, is how high, how much stronger the KKE will be! Because that is what can shake them up, make them think twice and thrice before bringing an unpopular measure to Parliament! Because they know that they will get hammered, not by 15, but by 30 or more MPs. Because this will also make the demands of the people stronger. Because it will not only be 15, but 30 or more MPs who will bring to Parliament, in the form of questions, amendments, legislative proposals, your problems, your demands, and will demand solutions and answers. Like the amendment we tabled for the requisition of the building where the 9th Elementary School of Egaleo is housed, to stop the eviction of the owner and, of course, many more, for the abolition of taxes, for an increase in wages, etc., because all these communist deputies are not limited to the benches of the House. They will be outside, in the real world, on the side of the people who are being tested by layoffs, by evictions, by repression, where, after all, is the natural place of the deputies of the KKE, of all our forces, and our people know this very well.

Because this is the only way our people, the progressive people of this country, who are fed up with the Georgiades, the Hadjidakis and the rest of those who wag their finger at them, can smile, because they do not want to compromise with misery, but they do not want - and rightly so - to see anyone washing them again "from the left" to return "from the right"!
He cannot listen to Mitsotakis, from here in Egaleo, asking for support, because he says that "we must not risk our conquests, we must not discount our claims"!
But who is counting conquests these four years? The people or the monopolies? Yes, a great conquest for the monopolies is the labour jungle created by one after another by the parties of capital. And one of the greatest conquests of the parties of capital is the Hatzidakis law, this abomination, half of which SYRIZA also voted for. However, they were quickly cut off, because we stepped forward in the workplaces so that this miserable law would remain on paper. Yes, it is a great victory for the monopolies to promote the green growth strategy that has brought precision, energy poverty, exorbitant bills and even power cuts to popular households. We know this first-hand, because our own forces are intervening everywhere, including here in Egaleo, to ensure that the electricity is not cut off in people's homes.

Yes, the further commercialisation and privatisation of the public health system is a great conquest for capital, which is being promoted by the New Democracy, but the forces of the KKE, together with other militants, through the mass organisations, are leading the struggle for the protection of the public health system, for recruitment and infrastructure, because in our conception health cannot be a commodity. This is why we are leading the struggle to open the hospital of Agia Varvara, the well-known Infectious Diseases Hospital, which was closed by the New Democracy and kept closed by the Syriza government, which now remembered how much the people of the region need it...

Yes, a great conquest for the various investors is the developments with the shipyards that are touching here in the area, Skaramanga, but also Elefsina. And Mitsotakis has a lot of nerve coming here to Egaleo and advertising his law on the Elefsina Shipyards, where a new economic zone is being created and the workers no longer have any labour rights. Who gave him this opportunity to do this? SYRIZA, which passed this law. Yes, unfortunately, this abomination was also voted for by SYRIZA MPs, which is why Georgiades praised them. So who is fighting against Mitsotakis? The one who votes for his laws or the one who votes against them in parliament and leads the fight to annul them outside? On the Elefsina shipyards, indeed, Mitsotakis did say something here in Egaleo. On the Skaramagas shipyards, where the shipowner Prokopiou is planning a power plant, possibly an LNG storage facility, he said nothing. What could he say? That he has given the green light for a ticking time bomb to be installed in the homes of ordinary families, next to their children's schools? But they are reckoning without the hotelier. Because, with the city's mass organizations in the lead, an entire city has risen up to thwart their plans.

So, when they talk about conquests, they talk about all that they give, that they offer with their laws to the industrialists, to the shipowners, to the bankers, to all the exploiters in order to make their profits... And when they talk about demands, they talk again about their own demands that they are planning to implement. We, when we talk about conquests, about the rights and needs of the workers, about all that today offers relief to the people's families, we talk about. This is the content of our demands, and if one thing is proven every day, it is that profits and privileges for capital are not compatible with the needs and rights of the workers and the people.

Yes, we agree we need to get rid of all of them. But the only way to truly rid our people of all of them, under whatever guise they appear, to rid them of their politics, of the interests they serve, is the Programme of Power and Governance proposed by the KKE. The Program that abolishes these interests, puts the economy to work for the needs of the many and no longer for the profits of the few, establishes institutions of real democracy, with elected and recallable representatives of the workers at all its levels.So, therefore, do not hesitate any longer. Make your thought a decision and your decision a deed. Make up your mind.

Friends, compañeras and compañeros. Mr. Tsipras and the SYRIZA cadres constantly refer to the KKE and - with great self-confidence - declare that it is one thing what the parties say during the pre-election and another thing what they will do after the election. As far as this is concerned, they know something, we don't doubt it... So they say that after the elections "the KKE will have to take responsibility" for whether we prefer a Syriza government with PASOK, or whether we will open the way for Mitsotakis.You will have heard us say many times that we are not in 2012 or 2015. Let's think a little more carefully about what that means, what has changed since then... You know, today is the 11th anniversary of the elections of May 2012, which, in the midst of a deep capitalist crisis, brought about major rearrangements in the bourgeois political system, in the correlation between the bourgeois parties.The two parties - ND and PASOK - that had been in power since the post-war period were crushed, especially PASOK, which traditionally enclosed a large part of the working and popular classes, but also ND.
It was the first time that SYRIZA, a small party of the compromised left, of opportunism as we call it in our theory, became the official opposition.

What did SYRIZA start saying then in view of the next elections? They were saying "we will only cooperate with the KKE to make the government of the left, to vindicate the struggles of EAM and ELAS, to abolish the memoranda, to restore labour rights", even that they would open the road to socialism, depending on the audience.They even accused the KKE of not feeling its historical responsibility, of betraying the people and its history, and other such shameless things, but they caressed the ears of some honest people, of militants. Imagine if we could transfer to the future, to the present, a man who believed SYRIZA then. To show him Mr Tsipras: Declaring that his current program has the approval of the German Chancellor, saying that the funds, to which he has meanwhile given the red loans, will benefit from the regulation he proposes for the red loans, welcoming to his ballot papers the former government representative of the "infamous right" Antonaros, and so much more. Would he believe his eyes?We, of course, knew for better or for worse what SYRIZA is from its foundation and much earlier. But we also saw its rapid transformation. We saw the credentials it presented to the forums of capital, domestic and international, making it clear that it would not touch a hair of their interests. We saw the mechanisms, the cadres of the old PASOK moving in an organized way to Syriza.We knew, of course, from our analysis and from historical experience, that no government on the soil of capitalism, regardless of even intentions, can pursue a policy that goes against the general interests of the exploiters.These were what kept us from stepping on the banana peel.

We warned the people, we went against the tide of that period, without taking into account the electoral costs. The day SYRIZA won the elections, in January 2015, "Rizospastis" wrote on the front page: "The memorandum of ND is leaving, the memorandum of SYRIZA is coming". On the day of the referendum - a fraud, he wrote: "their NO is YES to a new memorandum".Who was really verified? And we now see some SYRIZA ministers, like Varoufakis, who at the time were wagging their finger at us along with Mr. Tsipras, who sat on the same benches with the far-right ANEL, who participated in the deception, asking for the vote of the people, pretending to be immaculate and untainted, since they resigned, they say, in time after the referendum. Well, we don't have a goldfish's memory...Back then, many working people, breadwinners, under the pressure of problems, of impoverishment, of unemployment, under the longing for a change, at least a relief, wanted to give it a try. The path proposed by Syriza seemed to them more direct and realistic than the one proposed by the KKE. This is how SYRIZA hijacked the vote of many left-wing, progressive people.We know the outcome. The policy they pursued from 2015 to 2019 was the absolute vindication, not of course of the struggles of EAM and ELAS, but of the policy that had been pursued all the previous years by the governments of ND and PASOK.

It has washed them out, to a large extent, in the eyes of the people, since it has instilled in an even larger part of them the view that "there is no alternative", the most conservative view there can be.
Now he tells us that if we don't support him or show tolerance, we will open the way for Mitsotakis, but it was Syriza's governance, the dashing of the hopes that he had previously traded in by the kilo, that opened the way for ND and Mitsotakis to return in 2019. It is always the same people who pave the way for maintenance.SYRIZA paved the way for ND to get 23,000 more votes here, in the working-class neighbourhoods of the Western Sector of Athens, in 2019, compared to 2015.Since then, four more years of cruel anti-people's policies of the ND government have passed, in which SYRIZA was essentially a co-sponsor. When with its bills that it voted for, more than 200 in number! When with the back it put in critical moments for the people: the pandemic, the outbreak of the imperialist war, the natural disasters where the criminal inefficiency of the bourgeois state was revealed, the predictable crime of Tempi.So now, in 2023 and with all this experience that our people have accumulated, SYRIZA remembered the "responsibilities" of the KKE (for some reason that only it knows) to support it in order to sit in the government chairs!! They didn't get slaughtered... This can only sound like a joke today; but, didn't we do it in 2012 and 2015... Do they really think there is any chance of us doing them a favour now? Put our hands up and gouge out our own and the people's eyes?

Of course they don't believe that. Their blackmail is not directed at the KKE in general, it is, in fact, blackmail to the people, blackmail to all those who have taken notice of them and are thinking of abandoning them. And they are not a few... It shows, above all, the great difficulty they have in convincing the progressive people of this country, the workers, the youth, even those who voted for them in 2019, that they are a real alternative to the South-West. We know, after all, that many of them are currently considering voting for the KKE. We therefore call on you to close your ears to the blackmail and take the big step up to the time of the ballot box. We are waiting for you beside us, to walk together on the same road of honesty. To fight together the great battles that our people need.

Friends, comrades, all these years, from 2012 until today, the KKE has been the only one that has kept the flag of progress and struggle high. That insisted that there is another way from the "yes to everything", from the will of the exploiters and the imperialist centres, the EU, the USA and NATO. Who made sure that the anti-people's measures are not passed "unanimously" and with complete unanimity. Which, here in the western districts of Athens, as the third largest political force, but also in the whole country, was on the side of the poor, continuing to fight for the people's movement to rise up. And in recent years, indeed, something seems to be changing.

The battles fought in the pandemic, breaking bans, for the health and life of the people, the strike battles in large workplaces and sectors, show the only realistic way to improve our lives here and now. They show that only the people can save the people with a much stronger KKE, because if we wait for the ND, PASOK and SYRIZA to bring wage increases, we will get tired of waiting. We have seen the increases of the ND in the past four years, which in the real wage translate into a reduction of more than 7% in 2022. We have seen them with all the governments that have cut the average wage 25% from what it was 10 years ago. They have led to just 17.5% of workers being covered by Collective Labour Agreements. They have generalized part-time and flexible work, meaning thousands of workers who don't even get the minimum wage. In fact, when the KKE submitted the law proposal that the trade unions had worked out to change all this here and now, SYRIZA rejected it both as a government and as an opposition.And Mr. Tsipras is deliberately lying when he says that in all EU countries the real wage went up and only in Greece it went down, because of Mitsotakis. And in Spain it went down, and in Portugal it went down, and in Germany it went down, that is, everywhere where his favourite 'progressive' governments exist - muff. This does not at all mean that the New Democracy government is not responsible. It means that it has a great responsibility for the EU decisions it has voted for, for the policies it implements in favour of business groups, for tax evasion, for the liberalisation of the energy market, for participation in the sanctions against Russia, etc.

But it also means that the governments of other countries, against which people are demonstrating all over Europe, are also responsible, that the EU and the exploitative system itself are responsible. And of course, the workers are not going to see any relief either, with some "simple digital applications" and "payment systems", like those proposed by Varoufakis, which, according to many reports, the European Central Bank is already planning, wanting to shield the banking system from risks and to hit the big US companies that dominate digital transactions today. Strange coincidences, we would say...

Because the truth, which no one is telling them, is that for the workers to win something here and now, capital has to lose. That is why the solution for a real strengthening of wages lies in the KKE's proposal, which can only be imposed by the workers' movement with its struggle and with a much stronger KKE; that is, to impose the restoration of the collective bargaining of the National General Collective Agreement as a starting point for raising the minimum wage by adopting the unions' demands for increases above 850 euros and the simultaneous restoration of the three-year minimum wage. This practically means that a worker with a three-year contract will see his salary increase to 935 euros today and not in 2027 as promised by the New Democracy.This proposal is linked to the other proposals of the KKE for a fixed daily working time, 7 hours, 5 days, 35 hours and no unpaid overtime, with the reintroduction of Sunday-working days.It is linked to the proposal for an inflation-based wage adjustment clause. With the restoration of the 13th and 14th wages in the public sector, about which the New Democracy and SYRIZA do not say a word, and the granting of all wage scales.With a strong KKE and mass workers' struggles, we can impose the restoration of the sectoral Collective Labour Agreements and their compulsory nature without terms and conditions, which is a basic condition for increasing wages in all scales.This is the only pro-people's answer to the lies of the New Democracy, SYRIZA and PASOK, that the average wage will supposedly increase without repealing the laws that have undermined the Collective Labour Agreements.

Friends, compañeras and compañeros.Here in the West of Athens, in the schools, in the neighbourhoods, in the workplaces, we have been fighting for over 10 years to isolate fascist and Nazi groups and gangs. And we are proud that in these neighbourhoods here they have found it very difficult to deal with the communists, the unions, the people of the region. We all rejoiced in October 2020, when we stood at that historic rally outside the Court of Appeals and heard the court ruling that characterized them for what they really are: a Nazi criminal organization that has no place in the jail except in prison!But we have never nurtured and cultivated any illusions that we are done with Nazism or that we can ever be done with it for good as long as the exploitative system of capitalism that breeds and feeds them remains. We called for vigilance and we are doing the same now. It did not take long, after all, for one by one, the convicted Nazis to get out of prison with light leaps.We say responsibly to the people, to the workers, that we are very much concerned about the dangerous game that various people have been playing lately. From the moment the magnificent mobilizations of the people and youth over the crime in Tempe broke out, and without there being any such indication in reality, articles and reports began to rain down on the possibility of strengthening such forces, as an alleged result of the youth's anger, even baptizing them as anti-systemic!Then they gave them plenty of free pre-election TV advertising time, on the occasion of the regulation brought by the government at the last minute before the Parliament closed, and while we could not even discuss this issue if the trial that has been dragging on for 8 years now, with huge responsibilities of both the previous SYRIZA government and the current ND government, had been finalized.And now we are watching an election game of who will fish better in the dirty waters of the far right and fascism.
Either with the ND trying to hit parties that are cutting off their votes, or with SYRIZA taking them under its wing. Either with Mitsotakis making a campaign show from the Evros fence, addressing this audience, or with Tsipras carousing with far-rightists as he did the other day in Menidi and adopting the anti-communism of the bourgeois staff and Nazi propaganda about the Soviet Union!

The well-known and unexceptional Varoufakis, who informed us that "anyone who feels rage and has no other way to express it is a fascist!" These are unacceptable and dangerous views that must meet with the unanimous condemnation of all democratic people. It is as if all these people, young people and young women, who demonstrated under the slogan 'their profits or our lives', did not have their unions, their student associations, their student councils and could not express their anger collectively and in an organised manner, because of the tragedy of Tempi. As if anyone who gets angry automatically becomes a fascist, as if by instinct. As if history does not teach us who demonstrably supported Hitler before WWII, namely the biggest German and international monopolies. As if we don't remember the Goldilocks setting up a slave trade office in Perama to provide cheap labour to the contractors and shipowners who supported them in every way possible. The fascists, then and now, are the watchdogs of the capitalist system. The system itself strengthens them when it needs them, in order to turn them against the people who are struggling, and whenever it wants to pick on them again. That is why no one and no one who is angry with this system and its crimes has any reason to support the system's biggest minions. The only guarantee, both to express opposition to the system and to prevent the Nazi criminals from daring to come out of their holes again, is the vote, the great support of the KKE.

Comrades, let us go strong in the remaining days. Let us give all our strength. Let there be no one left who thinks of strengthening the KKE, who is subjected to a thousand and two blackmails, who will not discuss with us, who will not answer our questions, who will not solve misunderstandings and even prejudices.Let us go to strengthen the KKE in the Western Sector of Athens, everywhere. In all the working-class neighbourhoods, in Egaleo, in Agia Varvara, in Haidari, in Peristeri. This is where the heart of the working class beats. And in the elections of May 21 this heart can beat loudly with the decisive support of the KKE. We are all of us: The working class people, the youth, their party the KKE! And they are alone: The big capitalist employers and their parties.On the evening of May 21, we the many, not the few, can smile. We can open a window to the future, to a promising future for ourselves and our children. We can do it! With JCE strong hope is here!