Friends, compañeras and compañeros. I am very, very happy to be here once again. Here in my place in Lamia, the capital of Fthiotida. From here from Sterea from Roumeli we carry to every corner of Greece the call to support the KKE in the elections. So that our people will be stronger the next day. Yes, we can do it, we can be proud on election night. That can only happen in one way, with the decisive support of the KKE.

It is true that here in Fthiotida we have met again and again with the mass organizations of the people of the prefecture, of Fthiotida, with the unions of the workers of LARKO, the self-employed professionals, with the associations of farmers, with the health workers, with the committees of the flood victims. We listened and made their problems, their demands and their claims known throughout the country. We committed ourselves to fight with all our strength for them both in and out of Parliament and in the next Parliament. For example, we discussed with the representatives of the professionals of Lamia, of the very small businesses in the city, the problems they face, the effects of the price of energy and raw materials, and the debts that are piling up again. But also about the situation faced by a small business when its main provider, the people's family, is called upon day after day to cut back even on the basics in order to make ends meet.

We informed them about the recent initiatives we took in Parliament, the submission of a series of amendments on the abolition of VAT on consumer goods, the abolition of the single consumption tax and VAT on energy, the reimbursement of the thirteenth and fourteenth pensions, but also on the freezing of freelancers' social security contributions for 2023, proposals that are immediate and realistic, but which the government of the New Democracy has refused to implement, as well as the opposition parties, SYRIZA, PASOK, who literally swallowed their tongue in the Parliament, we are not surprised that their attitude was the same throughout the previous period in the submission of a corresponding proposal for the reintegration of SMEs in the tax-free and the cancellation of debts to the tax authorities and banks, which were rejected by both the government of New Democracy and the government of SYRIZA before it. These are the champions of entrepreneurship. Of competitiveness, regardless of ideological colourings and individual differences. Much to the few and little to the many who are being asked to pay once again the marble of this capitalist development for it. And solidarity with the KKE for the great popular majority of professionals is now more imperative than ever.

We also presented here in Fthiotida our proposals for the exploitation of the wealth of our region, such as the thermal springs in Kamena Vourla, elsewhere for the benefit of the people of Fthiotida. In the villages of the prefecture in Omvriaki, in other villages of Domokos we found ourselves on a tour of the typical start of this election period. From here in Lamia, together with our own people, we are entering the final stretch today. Into the last week of this great battle. Can we say it? No one else has shown the interest that the Communist, Greece has shown for Fthiotida and its people in this, especially in this election period. This interest is symbolized by my candidacy as head of the KKE's ballot paper in our prefecture. Today we can repeat with much greater certainty what we said several months ago that the KKE is entitled to be significantly strengthened, to have one of the four deputies in the prefecture of Fthiotida. In order to continue the struggle together for the good of our country, our homeland, with greater, more forces and all the messages say that this will happen in Fthiotida and throughout the country.

Because our people have now accumulated enough experience to be able to discern what their real interests are. Who is with them and who is against them. Who will do after the election what they say during the election. Who will be at his side when the lights go out and the various illusory, costed and costed programmes of the parties that have ruled so far and brought us to the present unacceptable situation. Who has a programme and a proposal for the radical changes we need in order for us and our children to live as we deserve and can in the twenty-first century.
This can be seen even in their own polls and I am not talking so much about the rise of the KKE in the voting intention that all of them are now observing. There are other interesting findings, for example that the KKE is the most credible, or that it is garnering the overwhelmingly most positive votes of any party on this issue. Simply put, those who are considering voting for the Communist Party of Greece consider it the best choice for the people and the country, while those who are considering voting for the other parties do so half-heartedly with the familiar tried-and-true and completely failed logic of supposedly some lesser evil. But we must end with the lesser and greater evil is enough with New Democracy, Syriza, PASOK and all the evils of their fate. Let's choose the greater good this time. Let us go to the ballot box en masse, decisively with the KKE ballot paper.

Friends, compañeras and comrades, we believe that behind the pre-election cockfights of the parties that claim the first or even the second role in tomorrow's anti-people's government, what the KKE says has emerged more clearly in recent weeks is that the other parties share a common programme on the basic, major issues that will determine our lives after May 21 and for the years to come. This is increasingly being admitted by their own cadres who say that their differences are not as great as they are presented. We have now lost count of the relevant statements that leave open even the possibility of a New Democracy SYRIZA coalition government if that is required, have no doubt that these statements are not made in the absence of their leaders. Political massage and preparing the ground is called this for later and if these are said during the election, imagine what has to be done post-election. The foreign embassies, the various investment houses, the governor of the Bank of Greece himself admit it, all of them with one voice say that they are not worried about exactly what the composition of the next government will be, since whoever they say will do the job.

As the radical revealed, of the unpopular preconditions of the European Union's Recovery Fund, in which the New Democracy and SYRIZA and PASOK and Mera 25 drink water, the government of the New Democracy has legislated over 200 such preconditions, while another 350 must be legislated by 2025 and these will be legislated. Whichever one of them is in government.

We are already seeing the results of this policy. 10.4 billion euros were in 2022 the net profits of only 150 business groups of those listed on the stock exchange, an increase of 303% compared to the previous year. But in the same period, real wages fell by 7.4%, according to the OECD, while the anti-labour laws that they have all passed over the last 15 years remain in force. And inflation, especially in food, continues to eat away at people's incomes. The OECD figures are wrong, Mr Mitsotakis told Mr Portosalte on SKAI the day before yesterday, and now he does not like the OECD, which Mr Mitsotakis advertises to us every now and then, the OECD's toolboxes, and soon he will tell us to disengage ourselves, as if the people's families were waiting for the OECD to tell them that they are entering the supermarket and their hearts are breaking.

And what else did he say? That the ELSTAT poverty figures fully justify their policy. What do these figures say that 1 in 4 households flirt with poverty on a daily basis and we are talking about statistical poverty and not the real poverty below which the vast majority of our people survive? In other words, we are talking about households of four with an income of less than EUR 1 000 per month. This is the famous vindication of their policy, but they are the ones we are answering. And that is your policy. That is why you will get the answer you deserve. From our people next Sunday, as you have already got your answer from the youth, who you thought you would fool with some small pocket money. In the student elections held the day before yesterday, the student party of the Communist Party of the Youth, the All-Union Students, was again the leading force.

Friends. Comrades, we saw that on Monday Mr Tsipras also visited our city. He even spoke here, next to the statue of Ares in the People's Square. It is a good thing he did not fall over to kick his ass. Of course, the truth is that SYRIZA is obsessed with statues. We saw it when it was a government that beat up students who were protesting at the statue of the butcher of the peoples of Truman in Athens. They didn't want, he says, to create a diplomatic incident with the US so they beat them up. But that's how it is with the statue of Veluhiotis during the election and after the election with the statue of Truman.  But that's who you are and we say to them.

But the big announcement was made the next day by Mr Tsipras, who spoke in Piraeus. There he presented the legislative act that he says he has ready to file as soon as the government is formed. It contains three articles, not one article this time, so that the people will not remember their previous deceptions. So there it talks about cancelling all auctions of first homes. Not long ago, however, in the House of Commons he did not support Mr. E's amendment that provided for just that. How do you explain the contradiction? It is explained because this article has a follow-up article that is written against SYRIZA, until the plan we have presented for red loans is enacted. However, the one he boasts about ensures crazy profits of 30% for the crows, guaranteed with taxpayers' money, and which of course provides for regular auctions of first homes for those who cannot afford them, as is the case in every favoured country, as Mr Tsipras says.

He also talks about reducing VAT on food, after having rejected the KKE's amendment to abolish VAT on all popular consumer goods. He is also talking about reducing excise duty to the levels allowed by the European Union, lest he go against the guidelines and get his ears pulled. Besides, just last July the new democracy as SYRIZA, PASOK voted together in the European Parliament to make the excise tax on energy permanent, an unjust tax that we must fight and enforce to abolish here and now and for this the KKE needs to be much stronger the next day.

Mr Tsipras and the SYRIZA cadres constantly refer to the KKE and say that after the elections the KKE should take responsibility. On whether we prefer a Syriza government with PASOK or whether we will open the way for Mitsotakis. Many times you will have heard us say that we are not in 2012 or 2015. It is true that 11 years have passed since those elections of May 2012, which, in the midst of a deep economic capitalist crisis, brought about major upheavals in the bourgeois political system, in the correlation of parties. At that time, New Democracy and PASOK were crushed and other parties, including SYRIZA, were strengthened. What SYRIZA started to say then in view of the next elections was that they would only cooperate with the KKE to make the government of the Left to vindicate the struggles of EAM and ELAS, to abolish the memoranda, to restore labour rights and even that they would open the way to socialism, they said, depending on the audience, of course. They even accused the KKE of not feeling its historical responsibility, of betraying the people and its history, and other such shameless things, but they caressed the ears of some honest people, democrats, leftists and militants.

We knew what SYRIZA was, of course. But we also saw its very rapid transformation. We saw the credentials it presented to the various forums of capital, domestic and international, making it clear to them that it would not touch a hair of their interests. We saw the apparatchiks, the cadres of the then worn-out old PASOK, moving in an organised way to Syriza. We knew, of course, from our analysis and from historical experience that no government on the territory of this system, whatever its intentions, can pursue a policy that goes against the general interests of the exploiters of the people. These were mainly what kept us from stepping on the banana peel. We warned the people, we went against the current of that period, without taking into account the electoral costs, saying only great truths on the day that SYRIZA won the elections in January 2015, the radical wrote in its front page the New Democracy's memorandum is leaving, SYRIZA's memorandum is coming. On the day of the referendum fraud wrote their no is yes to a new memorandum. Who was finally verified? We all know it now all too well and we now see some Syriza ministers like Varoufakis who at the time were wagging their finger at us along with Mr Tsipras who sat on the same benches with the far right ANEL who participated in the deception asking for the vote of the people, pretending to be immaculate and untainted, after resigning they say in time after the referendum. Well, we don't have the memory of a goldfish. Then many working people, breadwinners under the pressure of the problems of impoverishing unemployment under the longing, itself for a change at least for a relief, wanted to make this test.
The path proposed to them by SYRIZA at the time seemed to them more direct, more realistic than the one proposed by the KKE. This is how SYRIZA got the vote of many honest left-wing, progressive, militant people.

We know the outcome. The policy they pursued from 2015 to 2019 was the absolute vindication, not of course of the struggles of EAM and ELAS, but of the policy pursued by the governments of New Democracy and PASOK in all the previous years. It washed them out to a large extent in the eyes of our people, since it instilled in an even larger part of them the view that there is no alternative. The most conservative view there can be. Now he tells us that if we don't support him, the no shows, even if we don't, we will open the way for Mitsotakis, but it was SYRIZA's governance, the dashing of the people's hopes that he had previously traded in by the kilo, that finally opened the way for the new democracy and Mitsotakis to return to government in 2019. They are always the ones who open the way for conservation to reaction.

Since then, another 4 years of cruel, unpopular policies of the New Democracy government have passed, in which, in essence, SYRIZA was once again a co-sponsor. Never with its bills that it voted for more than 200 in number. Never with the back it put them in critical moments for the people in the pandemic in the outbreak of the imperialist war, in the natural disasters where the criminal inefficiency of the bourgeois state was revealed and in the predestined crime the tragedy in Tempe.

So now in 2023 and with all the experience that our people have accumulated during the pre-election period, SYRIZA has remembered the responsibilities of the KKE to support it in order to sit in the government chairs again. But we didn't. In 2012 and 2015 do they really think there's any chance of us doing them a favor now? To put our hands up and put our eyes out and take out the eyes of our people. Of course they don't believe that. The blackmail they are directing is not towards the JCP in general. It is in fact blackmail to the people themselves, the voters, blackmail to all and sundry who have taken notice of them and are thinking of abandoning them, and there are more than a few of them today. It shows above all the great difficulty they are encountering in really convincing the progressive people of this country, the workers, the youth, even those who voted for them in 2019, that they are a real alternative to the new democracy.

Mr Tsipras, referring to the proverb that I said in the debate that he scratches on Chopani's goo. He called me a shepherd and that we see leftists as sheep.
First of all, if it was not and is not personal, it may be that Mr Tsipras Tsipras sees me as a shepherd, it may also be because of my Lamian origin, that I am from Fthiotida from Roumeli. We don't have a problem because we know that shepherds are straightforward, people are not hypocrites, they don't say one thing one day and another the next. As for who treats progressive people as sheep or puppies, let him look at himself in the mirror we say about this world. The one who once believed in him we have a very big hug because we fought with him in years past when he was passing memos and then again passing Mitsotakis' laws. We also know that many of them, many of you, are now thinking of voting for the KKE. So we call on you to close your ears to blackmail, to take the big step at the time of the ballot box. We are waiting for you next to us to walk together on the same road of honesty, to fight together the great battles that our people and our country need.

Friends.In the past four years, New Democracy took the baton from SYRIZA and in turn proved to be the worst government. The KKE stepped forward in organising the struggle of the people, it proved and proves in practice what it means to save the people with KKE possible. Because when the government of the New Democracy was loosening the hands of big business in order to hit labour rights with the Hatzidakis law and SYRIZA and the other parties were saying with strikes, nothing is happening. The communists, the pioneer fighters, workers managed to prevent this implementation of this law, to cancel it in practice, to freeze it with their struggle, saving themselves. Because when the government of the New Democracy was trying to complete the crime in LARCO, the communists stepped forward in the struggle to stop them and proved that this enterprise is a real goldmine for this land. That is exactly how LARCO belongs to the workers.

Also, why when farmers take to the streets because the New Democracy government condemned them to poverty. The communists were again in front, demanding measures for their survival in the villages.

Because also when the government of the New Democracy discovered as the only means of protection in fires, not the fire-fighting means, not the prevention measures, not the necessary recruitment of personnel, but 112, the people and the firefighters and the people fought together with the firefighters and the people to create firebreaks, to stop the devastation. The people were fighting to save themselves.

Because also, when the government, the state and the crows like the Patsides of the New Democracy were preparing to plunder the houses of the people, the KKE together with the struggling people stopped and continue to stop the auctions and evictions. Yes, the communists along with of course other militants were taking action everywhere. The people save the people.

Besides, everyone knows today that no such bourgeois government, no government that swears allegiance to big capital in the European Union, in NATO, is going to save this people. The KKE is a guarantee. The people can trust it, rely on it to sound a new counterattack against the real enemy, the one that remains unchanged when one after another, the anti-people's governments change. Because today the conditions are ripe for us to move forward, to finally get out of the vicious circle of crises, poverty and uncertainty about tomorrow. The position we are taking today is precisely because we have a scientifically elaborated programme of workers', people's government of power. We are ready when the workers, the Greek people choose to do so, to take our responsibility in a genuine. People's government where the protagonists will be the producers of wealth themselves and not the drones who suck it away.  

Today the conditions have been scientifically formed for there to be a system of primary health care hospitals, fully staffed with all specialties and all modern means and not to have the hospital of Lamia operating with 60 fewer doctors than the organizational chart provides, apart from the other shortages in staff. Nor should we have the Health Centres under-operating with 2 and 3 general practitioners with shortages of nursing staff and with doctors transferred from the health centres to the hospital to cover the gaps.

Today, there is a solution to build a very safe and modern network in all transport so that we do not have to live tragedies like this crime in the tempi that brought thousands of people, thousands of young people to the streets and squares here in Lamia under the slogan "their profits or our lives".

There is a solution to not being food dependent and not just in this rich and truly blessed place.

There is a solution for dealing with the flooding phenomena of strong earthquakes, making use of scientific achievements with integrated scientific central planning.

That is why we need to remove the basic obstacle, which is capitalist profit. That is why we are on the road to a confrontation with this real opponent, the one that all the other parties hide because they serve it. That is, the system of exploiting injustice.

Today, therefore, you can be sure that the KKE does not talk, it is tried and tested, it is the sure choice to write new pages of great decisive struggles to count victories to strengthen solidarity and comradeship, to bring into the battle all the well-meaning people of toil, those whose hearts cannot bear the injustice, the KKE is the strength of the people, their hope made of the greatest materials of our history and our fighting traditions. For the KKE sees each and every one not just as a vote in a ballot box but as a fighter who together we will bring the world to the bosom of dreams in the bosom of people for our children, for generations to come. To stop all crime to dawn a world without wars, without barbarism, a world of peace in which our modern needs are matched by their gains and truly won. In this way we shall all together, all generations together, pave the way for the society we really need.

And because we've been hearing things these days about the government that will emerge after the elections. We say to you that the best thing for the people is that a government should emerge that feels the hot breath of the people of the working people's movement in every unpopular step it takes, and this can only happen with a very strong KKE. We know that I am a very strong KKE. On election Sunday, even people who may not have voted for us will smile, will feel won over. So take the step now. Make the surprise so that the joy of all our people will be even greater.

And you who still have hesitations, overcome them, keep the feeling you felt when you heard on Wednesday night that the Panhellenic is the first force and you saw that there is hope that the new generation brings with it. Just to feel that feeling again on 22 May is enough to throw the KKE ballot paper on the ballot box. And so do the surprise. And you who have already made up your minds, do your best. In the days that remain. Do not count on fatigue, as thousands of members or friends of the KKE all over Greece do not count on fatigue these days. Do everything you can to get our call everywhere, to put the KKE ballot paper in every people's home. Because only the people can save the people with KKE much stronger we move forward. We are moving forward strongly to lift our party as high as possible to make our people breathe, to open the way for the great, for the beautiful, for the shocking. Because we know better than anyone that to give up our dreams is madness, to change the world is neither madness nor utopia. It is justice. Good strength to all, good health, good struggles, KKE strong. Hope is here.