Citizens of Patras are here together again, present and united in the call for hope, justice, life, and SYRIZA. Your presence today is even more important than a month ago when we filled this square. Today is a message of confidence and determination. Together, we will fight to reverse the results of the May ballot until the last second on Sunday. But on Monday, we will still be together. With your support, we will always be there for society and those we represent. Our commitment is to make SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance and the progressive democratic party of the country the government again soon. So that we can put into practice the hopes of the majority of Greek society. Because SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance is and will remain the party in power, not a party of protest or a supplement to right-wing governments.

We will fight together, because that is what we have learned. To fight and not to run away. SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance was born and grew in battles for our values, ideals, homeland, and human life, which for us makes no difference in color, religion, or nationality. We do not measure human life in euros or votes. We fight for the people who are fighting to make a better life for themselves and their children. For these people, we fight and will fight.

And they tried, I want to remind you, many times to take us out of the way, but they did not succeed then, when everything was overshadowed by the fear of the lenders and the memoranda. They will not succeed now either because we know that lost struggles are only those that are not given, and we have never been cowardly enough to give the fight under the most difficult circumstances. When some people had written us off and said that we would leave the country in helicopters, remember then... We did not run away, and we came out victorious in that fight. We settled the public debt, got the country out of the memoranda, left 40 billion in the public coffers, and we are proud that the conservative party sunk the country into memoranda and bankruptcy, and we were the ones who got the country out of the memoranda and bankruptcy.

And so it is now, because we know that the correlations are there to change, that history is written by the people. And nothing, believe me, is decided until the people put their stamp on it with their vote. Friends, citizens of Patras, next Sunday's election is a peculiar contest. It is very close and therefore in the shadow of the previous contest, but it is not the second round of the previous election. It is a new election. A contest, in fact, this time with a different electoral system, the enhanced proportional representation system. With a threatening, arrogant right-wing that seeks not just to win, but to become the regime from Monday. And with new dilemmas, much tougher, before the ballot box.

Those who are discounting the outcome, we would recommend that they do not rush to discount it. Citizens will be asked to judge on the basis of certain new facts: the unfavorable correlation for their lives resulting from the proportional representation ballots, the positions, attitude, arrogance, and lack of concealment of New Democracy between the two elections, the national levity shown on Thrace, the divisive intentions and threats, as well as everything that New Democracy's candidates revealed about its true program and plans. Based on this, citizens will be called upon to decide who they want in the government, how much power they want in the opposition, and who they want in the opposition. The dilemmas, as in every enhanced proportional representation ballot, will be tough. We do not make them; life itself makes them and the electoral system that this time gives a 50-seat bonus to the first party.

On Sunday, there will be only two alternative strategies and programmes of governance at the people's discretion: the strategy and programme of the outgoing New Democracy government of Mr Mitsotakis, and the strategy and programme of the opposition - the programmes of New Democracy and Syriza. These two will be confronted on Sunday, June 25th.

Only friends and citizens of Patras, the true program of New Democracy has been revealed in the last few days, albeit slowly. It is not the lavish promises of Mr. Mitsotakis. It is what he submitted to the European Commission in Brussels as the Stability Program two months ago. No matter what they tell us, no matter what they promise, this is their program.

Yesterday, finally, the former minister in charge, Mr. Skylakakis, publicly confessed that "none of Mitsotakis' election announcements were included in the Stability Programme submitted to Brussels." He admitted that everything they promised was just a puff of air, meaningless wishful thinking, ashes in the eyes of the Greek people.

Because their actual program does not deliver, as promised, a 25% increase in the average wage over the next four years, but rather a stagnant average real wage over the next four years.

It does not provide for 10,000 new recruits in the NHS, as Mr Mitsotakis promised, but only provides for 10,000 replacements of those who will leave, which will be more than 10,000.

It does not provide for increases for civil servants, but for cuts in their payroll by 730 million.

It foresees a real 10% reduction in primary public consumption expenditure in critical sectors such as health and education.

So today, after these revelations, Mr. Mitsotakis should either dismiss Mr. Skylakakis - who has already been dismissed three times - or apologize to Greek citizens for the lies he has been telling them for two months now. He should say, "I am sorry, I have deceived you!" and reveal his real, true program.

And I want to ask myself and imagine what would happen if SYRIZA had done something similar. If SYRIZA had presented a program and made promises to the Greek people, but had actually presented different things to Europe for the next three years. And if their central minister had come out and admitted it on the central news bulletins, what would people be saying about SYRIZA now? What would they be saying about their uninspired alleged program? But today is Wednesday and tomorrow is Thursday for the system of power that governs us. We will tell the Greek people the truth, with all the strength of our souls, before they go to the ballot box. They need to know what is coming and what the two opposing and contrasting plans are. That is what we are doing today, and that is what we will do until Sunday.

Because, up until now, in their announcements and program, they say things that they do not intend to implement and carefully hide other things that they intend to implement. For example, the one unwittingly revealed by Mr. Pneumatikos, a candidate for the New Democracy Parliament and a renowned doctor. He explained to us that the New Democracy's plan for the National Health System is to privatize hospitals, close structures, cut spending, and, because it cannot be helped, select patients based on the cost of treatment and life expectancy. When we have two patients who ask for expensive treatment but one has a low life expectancy and the other has a longer life expectancy, they will give it to the one who has a longer life expectancy. The one who has no life expectancy will not get the expensive treatment. He should go to the private ones, and if he can't afford it, he will go home to die. That's the plan, that's their ideology, and that's our big difference. They count profits and losses, while we count human lives. That's our difference. After all, another minister said it a few months ago, Mr. Petsas, 'He who does not adapt, dies.' That is why we, the citizens of Patras, are saying that this Sunday is not just about deciding which party will come first and which will come second, but it is about deciding which program will be implemented over the next four years. Therefore, our lives are being decided.

And that is why we call on all citizens to think about their vote this Sunday once and for all. Our great difference is our concern for human life. Human life, for us, is self-worth. We will never put human life on the scales of cost and benefit, under any circumstances, whatever the cost. That is why we did not shy away from calling a spade a spade in the tragic, fatal shipwreck in Pylos. We cannot tolerate our country, which became synonymous with humanity in our day, now becoming synonymous with barbarity. We have long since chosen sides in the dilemma of 'humanity or barbarism', and this choice highlights our differences in all our programmatic aspects. Some have told us, "Don't ask questions about the shipwreck because things are different now in society, and you will lose votes." We replied, "We want nothing more than to defend our values." We put our values above all else, and we will serve those values no matter what we are told.

But we see these differences not only in health. We have diametrically opposed positions to New Democracy in all programmatic aspects. This includes labor relations, eight-hour working hours and labor rights, auctioning of first homes, tackling poverty and redistribution of income, education, energy, and water.

You will remember, by the way, that immediately after the May 21 elections, Mr Georgiades revealed to us what they want. He says they want 180 MPs so that they can change the Constitution on their own. Their plan is - and they say so openly - the abolition of Article 16 and private universities. He rushed to advocate this to Mr Mitsotakis, and Mr Androulakis of PASOK advocated for Mr Georgiades for the revision of the Constitution. He intends to assist, he says, in changing the Constitution and Article 16. Along with healthcare, they have apparently put education at the center of their sights. If Mr Mitsotakis does not have the 180 MPs, Mr Androulakis will assist them in changing Article 16 and constitutionalizing speculation in the articles of the Constitution.

That is why we are addressing Greek citizens, saying that we are not only the opposing party of the Right, because we have never participated and will never participate in Right-wing governments, but also because we oppose the policies and programs of the Right. We are here to support society and social needs, not the profits of the few and powerful.

They have started their plan to privatize education. They took the first step with the admissions criteria, excluding thousands of young people from higher education. However, with this choice, they are also forcing dozens of departments, especially regional ones, and schools in the area to close. In a region that is thirsty for life, knowledge, culture, and economic development, which is bleeding with the brain drain not only to the outside world but also to the capital, all of this is happening for what? To make room for speculation. Private colleges do not require a base of 10, but an economic base. If you have money, you can get in, regardless of your abilities.

Everywhere and always there is profit, even in infrastructure critical to the lives of many. Did they not do this with the privatisation of PPC? They removed the "D" from Public Power Corporation. Let me remind you that during the most difficult times of the four and a half years of memoranda, we did not increase the electricity bill by even one euro precisely because PPC was public and operated in the public interest. Now it has become a pawn in the race of speculation.

This is what they want to do with water. That is why they voted for a Regulatory Authority in March, despite now mocking the election campaign by presenting their compliance with the decision of the Council of State as a great ostensible initiative.

This is their program and plan, both hidden and obvious: the state's withdrawal from critical sectors, the sale of everything, privatization, tax breaks for the rich, and the reduction of labor rights.

They want to convince us that this can bring about growth in itself, which will spread throughout society. But that moment will never come, just as it has not come anywhere in the world where similar neoliberal policies have been implemented. Instead, what will come will be social tension, social disintegration, widening inequalities, and poverty.

In the face of this conservative, neoliberal plan and program, which they did not implement in the previous four years because of the pandemic, and they could not close hospitals when we had the pandemic. The Pissarides plan for small and medium-sized enterprises was not implemented in the previous four years, which considers them 'zombies' and says that they have to close down. The European Union came and said, 'spend money so that the economy does not close down', and they gave repayable advances to small and medium-sized enterprises. But now they are running out of allowances and subsidies, and this plan will be implemented. This plan aims to close down public structures and does not care about small and medium-sized enterprises.

Against this plan, SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance is presenting a fair, progressive, and realistic program. The program and plan look to the future with optimism because they have at their core the utilization of human potential, modernity, and social justice. They envision a new model of economic development that makes room for innovation, knowledge, the fair distribution of resources, the reduction of inequalities, and closes the door on the logic of state-led entrepreneurship, takeovers, and privatizations, ostensibly presented as investments.

By supporting the needs of society, the middle class, wage labor, small and medium-sized entrepreneurship, farmers, and young people. A program that tackles poverty and boosts incomes by immediately raising the minimum wage to EUR 880, introducing annual indexation, and providing a 10% increase for civil servants who have not seen a raise in 14 years.

With the restoration of the 13th pension for pensioners and the reimbursement of retroactive payments that were withheld from them despite the decision of the Council of State, Mr. Mitsotakis is rectifying the injustice of the personal difference and increasing it for all pensioners.

Our program also includes a reduction in indirect taxes, such as VAT on food and excise duty on fuel. Indirect taxes are unfair and burden the poor and middle classes, contrary to what Mr. Mitsotakis, who is following Trump's policies, is trying to convince us. He tells a big lie and makes it seem like the truth. Our plan, which we have not hidden, is not to tax the middle and lower classes, but to tax the great obscenity of super-profits made by energy and refinery cartels, who have taken advantage of the crisis to enrich themselves and have accumulated over 6 billion in super-profits at the expense of society, the economy, and citizens.

Because, citizens of Patras, you know it very well and experience it: the subsidies that Mr Mitsotakis gives, the so-called passes, do not go into the pockets of the citizens. They go directly to the energy, refining, and supermarket cartels to keep prices high, and that is the redistribution of income. And he tells us "I didn't raise taxes". How did he not raise taxes when, in the last year and a half, they've raised over 6 billion in government revenue from taxation, indirect taxation? He raised taxes by 6 billion! Because when the price in the household basket increases from EUR 50 to EUR 100, it is not necessary to increase the VAT rate to double taxation. It is doubled by keeping the VAT rate fixed. That is our plan for accuracy, for tackling accuracy. But our plan also provides for strong state intervention to support security, dignity, and the rights of wage earners.

It envisions building a new National Health System, quality public education with quality public schools and universities, and an emphasis on research and innovation.

It envisions a welfare state for all, reducing inequalities with quality services and care for children, mothers, young couples, the elderly, and people with disabilities.

It provides protection for the first home and addresses the housing crisis, in order to prevent the largest redistribution of real estate since World War II, which benefits the few and powerful at the expense of the majority.

And at the same time, it envisions a strong, interventionist, modern, and effective state that will not be a party or family spoil but a tool for development and service to citizens.

These are our programmatic positions, citizens of Patras. These positions put our values into practice. This is our program, which opposes the extreme neoliberal program of New Democracy next Sunday. But depending on one's program is the strategy for its implementation. Our strategy is one of strong democracy, civil society, participation and dialogue, of confrontation about what concerns people. This is the strategy with which we are fighting the electoral battle.

On the other hand, the strategy of New Democracy is on the opposite side. Its program copies the textbooks of neoliberalism and Machiavellian tactics. The strategy and plan of New Democracy - they make no secret of it - is not only to win but also to weaken their main rival, SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance. The only force that can look them in the eye and prevent them from setting up an uncontrollable regime, because that is what they have been seeking since Monday. Their plan - and we must say this clearly to the citizens by Sunday, to the democratic and progressive citizens - is a fragmented and paralyzed opposition of small civil wars, of small parties. A fragmented opposition, so that it cannot put up any serious resistance to their policies, with many small parties in parliament. This is what they are seeking. They are seeking a parliament with six and seven parties. And you can see who these parties are that are inflating and over-promoting in this election period. Which are helping this planning. And why do they want this? So that the parliament can't have seriousness and credibility, so that the opposition can't be effective. The election strategy of Mr. Mitsotakis is the strategy of divide and rule! These three words sum up his strategy.

And today, I want to address the question not only to all of us who are here in this square but to all the democratic citizens of Patras: Will the democratic people of Achaia accept this? Will the citizens of Patras, which are synonymous with the struggle for democracy, accept this? Does a democracy without counterweights, without a robust opposition, without the oxygen of opposition and resistance really benefit anybody else except the interconnection and the elites? Mr. Mitsotakis started out as a politician wanting to be like Macron, but he has become a spitting image of Orban. He does and believes the same in immigration policy, the same in foreign policy issues, hand in hand with the far right, the same in democratic rights, the same in methods such as illegal surveillance, with the predator of his political opponents, of the country's economic agents. This is what he wants to do to Greece. A country of controlled democracy of the type of Orban's Hungary. That's what he is seeking.

Unfortunately, this seems to have been accepted as fate by the smaller parties in the progressive space. They are closing their eyes to the now obvious project of the right and opening the way for it - whether they realize it or not. Objectively, they are pouring water into their own mill. With their anti-Syriza empathies, they have thrown away a historic possibility for the country with simple proportional representation: the possibility of a government of progressive cooperation by undermining simple proportional representation from beginning to end. As, of course, with these miserable tactics of frivolity and micro-ambition, with the so-called two-front, which was and still is in fact one-front against SYRIZA. Because when we were giving them the hand of cooperation, they were looking at how to cut off our hand, and they were not looking at the one who was governing, Mr Mitsotakis, who was coming unchecked, unchecked to come back for another four years of conservative and right-wing politics. So we must say clearly what I believe every democratic citizen understands: that this is an attitude that objectively favors the right. It is a contribution to the plans of Mr Mitsotakis.

That is why today I want to call on every progressive, democratic citizen to realize that the stakes of the ballot box on the 25th of this month are not whether we will have stability or government the next day. It is not whether we will have third elections in August, as Mr Mitsotakis is blackmailing us, but whether the next day we will allow, with our vote, a regime that is uncontrolled, unregulated, dangerous for the social majority, but also a return to situations that have cost society and the country dearly.

Such as these wretched and dangerous games, they did not hesitate to play even with our sensitive national issues, such as Thrace and the minority, and with the National Intelligence Service as a tool, which they seem to consider their own tool, even an electoral tool. For a few thousand votes, they did not hesitate to attempt to take us back, way back, to the dark days of division. They did not hesitate to divide Greeks into 'nationalists' and 'miasmas' and to call us 'national exceptions', 'minority'. But you have seen the end of this dark history. SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance gave them a great lesson in democracy, responsibility, and patriotism. A lesson they will remember for a long time. Because we do not play games with the homeland!

They wanted to hang SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance on the stake of national disgrace. However, in the end, it was his own candidate in Rodopi who was hanged by the decision of Mr Mitsotakis. The trap that they wanted to set for us - they were careless after all - and in this KYPagidiko document, their own candidate was listed as the first and best MP, and so he became the third in line to be crossed off the ballot papers, without being able to be removed. That is what Mr Mitsotakis is used to. In order to save himself, others are paying the price. That's what he did with his nephew in the wiretaps, that's what he's done now with three of his candidates so far. He chose them and supported them, he himself threw them off the ballot papers. Mr Pneuma of the separation of the sick into those who are worthy and those who are not worth saving, Mr Cricket of the savage racism that said 'good riddance, because if they came to Greece they would steal and rob' and the latest victim, now, Mr Katradzi in Rodopi. To prove not their character, but the character of Mr Mitsotakis himself, who came to do what? To send his sister to Thrace to blackmail, to terrorize, to intimidate weak people, poor people, people of the Muslim minority, and even in live broadcast. And tell them: "If you don't vote the right way, you will have a hard time in the next four years." Why? Because what bothers them is that there is a county, a district on the map that doesn't have their own electoral color, and they called it a "lump" on the map. That is their political culture.

But be careful, Bakoyannis' message was not addressed to the Muslim minority. She said it in front of the cameras because she wanted to reach every home, every household, and every social group. It was a message that if any social group stands against the plans or regime of the party or the "Holy Family" tomorrow, they will have a hard time. Today it is the minority, tomorrow it will be the teachers, the day after tomorrow it will be the nurses, the day after that it will be the employees, cultural workers, and young people.

That is why we are responding: We will not leave anyone alone in the face of regime logic. We will fight on behalf of every social group that resists. We will fight for everyone to have a voice and rights. We will fight for democracy. Because democracy has always been strong in this country and will remain strong. That is why, addressing all democratic citizens, we say to them: a strong SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance next Sunday means not only a strong society, but also a strong, healthy democracy. That is why it is crucial for life and for democracy to change the correlations of the previous ballot. That is why the decisive strengthening of SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance is crucial.

We call on every democratic and progressive citizen, every reasonable person who understands what an uncontrolled regime can mean, to strengthen us with their vote next Sunday, despite any differences or reservations they may have towards SYRIZA. This is to prevent the New Democracy of Mr Mitsotakis from receiving a blank cheque, to prevent the political life of the country from being orbitalised, and to make room for resistance, for society, and for the needs of the many. Our message from Patras is that we are and will be here, alongside every citizen who seeks justice. We will not bend, compromise, or retreat. Citizens of Achaia, I want to repeat an old saying: "You are allowed to fall, you are required to get up." And we are already on our feet! We are armed with democracy, speech, voting, the rightness of our positions, our ideas, and values to fight the difficult battle on Sunday. We will fight this battle vote by vote, house by house. But we will also fight the battle together from Monday to make the democratic and progressive Party the government in the country, to stand by the weak, to give prospects and hope to the small and medium-sized, the unemployed, the young, and the underprivileged. We owe this to ourselves, to the Progressive Party, to the progressive citizens, but above all, we owe it to society and the interests of the society that we represent and serve.

For this society, for these people - the people of creation, the workers, the employed, the scientists, the young, the young people, those who live by their own labor and not by the labor of others - each and every one of us in the coming days must be in every neighborhood, in every workplace, in every village, in every home to demand every vote. We must give perspective to Greek society and support every citizen who needs it. We must not let the hope of justice be lost and extinguished in this country, nor let the hope and prospect of prosperity for all, a just society and prosperity for all, be extinguished. We will fight this fight with calculation and with dreams. It is a struggle of dignity, ideas, values, and proposals that are realistic and feasible, so that our society can take a step forward. You can be sure: we will win this struggle. Lost struggles are struggles that are not won. I am here with you today to pledge that together we will win this fight. Together we will move forward from Monday into the big, difficult struggles that lie ahead of us. We serve values and will remain the main pillar of the progressive party of the country - a party of power, not a supplement to the right, not a party of protest. We will move forward together and we will win. Be well.

I thank you from the bottom of my heart because your presence here today is much more important, much more useful, much more decisive than any other presence at any other gathering here in Achaia. Today, you are giving a vote of confidence and proving who the pillar of progressive and democratic Achaia is. It is SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance, and you will prove it at the ballot box on the coming Sunday. It is a question of social justice, social protection, and democracy so that there can be a strong society and a strong democracy in this country. Goodbye. Good luck! Thank you very much. Up to the last minute, up to the last second before the polls close, we will fight this fight. But we will be here, together, to continue to fight for Greece, for the progressive Party, for democracy. Goodbye!