Thank you for this amazing welcome. Thank you for your love. I return it. There was no way I could complete an election season without passing by my beloved Kilkis, here in the heart of Macedonia. You know, after all, that the ties between Crete and Macedonia are powerful. I do not forget that my grandfather Kyriakos Mitsotakis fought in the first Balkan war at the head of a corps of Cretan volunteers. Here in Kilkis today, you are sending a message that is spreading throughout Greece. All of Greece is blue, and Kilkis is even bluer. Your presence here today, in broad daylight, in the heat of the day, is particularly moving and arms me with even greater strength. Let's go in 2 weeks to finish the work we started on the 21st of May. And as a friend of mine in Oraeokastro, where I was just now, aptly said to me, we are going to achieve heatwave rates in the new republic of Gerasimov. In the elections of 25 June.

Mr. Mayor, Mr. Regional Governor, I am very pleased to have the opportunity to visit Kilkis today, as I mentioned earlier, to emphasize how important I consider your support in this great effort that we started four years ago and continue to pursue. The important work that we started four years ago. And indeed, the citizens rewarded this work at the ballot box on May 21st, rewarding the progress that the country has made; rewarding a policy of economic growth with an emphasis on social justice, and yes, he is right. The County Chairman was correct when he said in his introduction that they rewarded the citizens and a robust foreign policy that kept the country safe and enhanced its standing around the world.

I remember a visit that I made to your region in 2017. It must have been during a time when tragic situations were prevailing here, a little above in Idomeni. You remember them too. What is the current refugee situation here? It is much, much better. I made a commitment that we would solve this problem, and we have solved it. This is for all the local communities that were receiving refugees and migrants, but first and foremost, for our islands, our citizens, and our fellow citizens who are on Evros.

And I want to send a message from Kilkis, from the northern end of the country: the policy of guarding our country's borders will continue without any discounts. The fence in Evros will be completed. Our border guards will become more and more numerous, and everyone will know that Greece is a country that has borders on land, in the air, and at sea, and we have an obligation to guard these borders. And this strong Greece, this patriotic Greece, this Greece of social sensitivity, is a Greece that we envision, and I ask you to join us in building it even more solidly.

Many times, during the election campaign that we conducted before the ballot box on May 21st, I likened my dream for our country to an unfinished house. We have laid the foundations, we have started building the floors, but we have not yet finished the job. The work must be completed with a second four-year term of New Democracy, with a strong, stable parliamentary majority. To get us faster on the road to growth, to create more well-paid jobs, and to support productive investment.

I am here in a region where the productive heart of the country beats with excellent companies that are still investing, included in the development law, and creating new jobs. We are giving them incentives to do so. Therefore, wages are rising with private investment and with companies that know they have to take care of their workers so that they can be satisfied themselves.

And of course, we must take this opportunity to correct the failures of the past, to correct mistakes that may have been made, and outstanding issues concerning basic infrastructure projects. We must correct them. You have a right, you have a right here in Kilkis to grumble and complain about the fact that the road link to Thessaloniki has not yet been completed. I am in constant communication with Apostolos Tzitzikostas; he is here somewhere. You have my personal commitment that if necessary, we will do whatever it takes to declare a contractor bankrupt to proceed with the project as soon as possible so that the road connection is completed and close this pending issue regarding the basic infrastructure of our regional unit. And that is just one example of how we will put into practice our commitment to turn the country into a vast construction site. The mayor knows all too well here that never before has local government had at its disposal more financial tools than in our time. The many projects that are going on in your municipality, the many projects that are going on in the province are the result of the support that this government has given to local government. Because we trust local government, first and second tier, and we want to work well with those policy implementers that are closer to you.

The problems and this policy will continue over the next four years, as will a policy of firm and renegotiated support for the new democracy in the NHS, my friends. We will build the new NHS in defiance of those who hypocritically claim to care about public health. But because we also remember their works and their days when they were in office, people know that yes, there are still problems. Let us have no illusions. But you know if today your hospital has more doctors and more nurses than it used to have, and I want you to know that for me, supporting the NHS, supporting the ambulance service, being able to carry out evacuations quickly and safely - wherever our fellow citizens are - this is a project that I will personally undertake and that we will implement in the second four years.

Because you know that there is one thing I will never question, and that is the relationship of trust that we have built. We have known each other for quite some time now. You know that you can trust me, as I trust you. What I am telling you about the second four-year term will be put into practice by the Government of the New Democracy.

Because we are all here today, friends, there is a second round of elections. The June 25th ballot is unnecessary because if the May 21st elections had been held under the same electoral system, New Democracy would already have a stable and strong majority. The slogan "you shout you are and will be the Prime Minister" is not applicable as there is currently a caretaker government due to some people rushing to impose simple proportional representation. The country is suffering from an unnecessary second election to validate the May 21st result. The citizens will not change their minds, but our percentage will be higher, not lower.

People have already voted and they will vote again for their future. They will vote again for better jobs, for keeping our country on a growth path, and for a social and fair Greece. They will vote for a government that has proven it can stand by its citizens in times of difficulty, because we will be very well here. I am here on your main pedestrian street. Remember that all these shops were closed during the pandemic, and if it had not been for New Democracy spending tens of billions of euros to support businesses and workers, we would be facing a very big crisis today.

We have supported society and we will always continue to support it. But watch out for the surplus of growth. We will cut taxes further because we know that tax cuts ultimately fuel investment and create good jobs. I wonder if our political opponents can say the same.

In this ballot box, friends, there is essentially only one convincing proposal for governance. This is the message that the Greek people sent to the ballot box on May 21 when they rewarded hard work and consistency because I kept my promises to you during the 2019 election. They rewarded political decency and said no to toxicity, division, hatred, and a bleak Greece. They voted for a brighter, more optimistic Greece, and we have every right today to hope that things will get better. Better days are ahead of us, but they are only possible with a stable and strong government of New Democracy. That is why it is so important in these elections to have a stable and strong parliamentary majority. I firmly believe that, as in the first four years, we need a strong majority to make great changes happen.

The last thing the country needs today, in this difficult geopolitical environment that we are in, with Turkey having finished its own electoral issues and re-elected a strong President Erdoğan, is an unstable government. Will your government support a strong, stable one after the elections? One that will start working on June 25, with the vote taking place on June 26. We will roll up our sleeves and get to work. Will you be more experienced? After four years of governing, during which we have faced a myriad of challenges, are you now more prepared and equipped with more financial tools at your disposal? It is important to note the resources that our government has secured from the €31 billion Recovery Fund, which will provide additional resources for our country. These resources are the result of our own negotiations in 2021, and will be used for regional and rural development.

We have financial instruments at our disposal and we know how to invest them. Mind you, we are the first in Europe today to absorb the resources of the Recovery Fund. The country was able to secure 31 billion, the first per capita absorption of Recovery Fund resources in Europe. Do you know why? Because it has regained its credibility. When we go to Europe today, the voice of Greece counts. We are no longer the 'black sheep' of Europe. That is why what is happening outside Greece ultimately concerns us and concerns you all. It is so important that this course of a stable and strong Greece can continue.

I won't bore you any longer in the heat of the day by talking about what we want to do. I just want to say, from the bottom of my heart, another big thank you for what you are doing and have done for the Southwest. I also want to thank my old colleagues from New Democracy, who kept the party standing during difficult times. I see my fellow citizens coming with photos of Konstantinos Mitsotakis, who had so many friends here in Kilkis, and I remember the great battles we fought in the 80s and 90s. I wonder, who among you would have ever imagined that New Democracy could return to these percentages and have "4" in front of its percentage? But we did it!

But I do. I also want to ask you to do one more thing. When I look at the electoral rates, more broadly in Northern Greece, in our Macedonia, but especially here in the region of Kilkis, I notice that there are some smaller parties to the right of New Democracy that have achieved rates that are not desirable. I want to repeat what I said in Oreokastro. If some people believe that there are bits and pieces unknown to all of us with hidden positions that they believe express faith and Orthodoxy more authentically, they are wrong. Orthodoxy unites, not divides; no one is more faithful than another. And no one has the right to engage in politics thinking that they have the favor of the Church. The Church has made it clear, hasn't it? "Caesar's to Caesar and God's to God."

The church unites and stays away from parties. We respect the constitutional enshrinement of the roles of church and state. We have stood by the church in the very difficult issues it has had over the past four years, but we have never thought of instrumentalizing the faith of the Greek people. We will not do so, and you must not allow anyone to do so.

That is why I ask you to make this effort together to further increase our percentages. To those of our fellow citizens who have patriotic sensibilities - and I believe that we all fall into this category - let us remind them who brought the Rafale to the country, who ordered the new frigates, who strengthened our Armed Forces to such an extent that today Greece can claim and command respect. Who made our country an undisputed factor of geopolitical stability in the Eastern Mediterranean? Who made Alexandroupolis an energy hub for the whole Mediterranean? They did not just succeed, they succeeded.

So I would like us to go and tell those of our fellow citizens, and you in particular, who may not have chosen us in these elections that we can challenge them and win them. Let's make a bet together in the June 25 election. We have achieved a lot and we can achieve more. Here in Kilkis, let's go blue for Kilkis, blue for Macedonia, and blue for all of Greece. Let's write our own history together. Be well, thank you very much, good luck, and two seats in Kilkis. Good strength, good fight.