Good evening. To all and sundry. It's a great pleasure to be together. Let me begin by taking the risk of reminding you. How old am I compared to you? Which one of you has heard of Sid Vicious and the Sex Pitchers? You remember God Save the Queen. 1977. This microphone is going off, microphone Please. 1977 I remember then shortly after I was in England. I liked the song, but as a Marxist Greek. Traditionalist. In my way of thinking I thought the lyrics were reactionary. Why? Somewhere it said there is no future for you and for me there is no future. How right were they? Why? Two years later Thatcher comes along. And she imposes the policies. I'm not saying yes neoliberal, they were neither young nor liberal they were policies please take this microphone away from me right now. Isn't this microphone so hard to use here, guys? Thank you, Marianna, the secretary of the People's Unity Party. Thank you. That's how we do everything ourselves. Politics. Class warfare against the working class was a result of the crisis of the 70s.

Combination of energy crisis inflation crisis reminds you of this. But here in Greece. They didn't bring. The intensification of class warfare was another time. We were in another phase. Remember, we had 1981 then. For the politics to come. The class war in Greece had to come with bankruptcy. The global one of 2008 that hit Greece as the most shaky little compartment of the eurozone. With the troika imposing these fascist policies. And much worse ones at that. And what they used to say what Sid Vicious and company used to say in There is no future. Unfortunately my generation. Looking your generation in the eye we have to admit that we are responsible. What about you? Not having in this country the future we thought we had when we were your age took care of it? Troika. Local oligarchy, memorial parties.

In our country at this moment today that we're talking about. If you look at the cost of living youth rents. Taxes. Even for young people who pay relatively low taxes because they have low incomes. Cost of telecommunications, cell phones. All those things that make up 80%, 90% of young people's expenses are. The highest cost of living for youth in the whole European Union. Second is Denmark. As a cost. Which is much lower with huge incomes compared to us. It is no coincidence that our youth. Is forced into the hardest dilemma. Between taking their eyelashes and leaving. Or stay? With shattered dreams.

That's her. The established order at the moment has emerged this way. Those of you who are staying. Heroically in this country and we hope you don't leave and we hope to bring others back. You are facing. Either the rupture that we have to make together or the ghettoization. Our youth right now are being ghettoized. Eighty percent of youth are being put into silos in silos of souls whether it's education, whether it's jobs, whether it's health. The Memorandum regime, the Hrododoulo-Palace, Greece, the way it is managed or managed by the Memorandum parties since 2010. They are pushing the young and the young at heart. To a complete marginalization, marginalization in a real ghetto let's start with education. Allow me. Two words about something that is a unique phenomenon. The vast majority of people in power. From all parties. Whether it's political power or business power. The ruling class, their children have nothing to do with Greek education, not even with private schools. From 14 they are oriented for IB. Do you know what that means? It's like sending their children from the age of 14 to Canada. They're not sending him to Canada. They are sending them to some private schools in Peoria, but in which they are not even studying with the Ministry of Education curriculum, as it used to be in private schools, in colleges and so on in the old days they study with a system in which once the children get in there, even if they want to, they cannot pass the national exams. It's like the ruling class. Sending their kids to other countries. By default. Which is hugely important from a political economy point of view. A class whose children can't study at the Greek university even if they want to. Why should they empower the Greek university? The only way to see the Greek university the public university is as a repository of souls. In which to park the youth. They will educate them as you educate that they will not educate them any more education, but education. You educate a seal, you can't educate a seal. That's the goal. Education so they learn some trivia. Things to do in the workplaces of shallow entrepreneurship, in the workplaces with very low added value, with low productivity, with low wages and no rights. Precariousness. And essentially and a way to filter out the kids who might give them a small business position in some companies. And at the same time premiumizing the colleges which is what role the predatory funds play in Hercules and the red loans play in the colleges in education. The minimum admissions base. The police state. All of this? They are not unconnected. Greece today is very much reminiscent, though not aesthetically apparent. It does not follow that, but analytically, if we look at it, there is no doubt. What was India like under the British Empire? Where the surveyors were coming from London to Bombay, to Calcutta. They had their own schools and Indian schools. They were there only as repositories of souls as a way of choosing who they would have for access. That is exactly how they treat education today. When the ministers of the PASOK New Democracy and SYRIZA governments. And here I am also talking about the social class, my own. Why do we have to be honest? We are sending our children to a foreign education system. From the age of 14 it is perfectly normal, so the educational reform we have to bring as part of the break should be particularly radical. It is not simply a question of strengthening the public university. It's definitely needed, but we need to rethink the whole structure of the school. From primary school through to higher education. We. For the simple ones we have simple seats, abolition of the minimum admission base. Create a real sanctuary of ideas, not a sanctuary of any authoritarianism. An end to the recognition of colleges.

Systematically drive them out in the same way we drive out predatory funds. No subjugation, that's what I hold. Before the temps we had a series of youth movements, which gave us and them. elders a tonic injection of optimism. One of these movements was the artists' movement. The students of the drama schools of the conservatories. It's our commitment to the School of Performing Arts. If you like, it's a thermometer. To what extent? The policy, the policy with a capital "p" meets the needs. To aesthetics. To the culture that a progressive society should have. We're used to having capitals. In our political health programs. Energy, education, housing. Wrong. Is it all one thing?

Take the health and energy to bond a little. Who took the PPC? CVC. The hedge fund from London.  Health, Metro and a number of other private clinics. Who took them? CVC. The hedge fund from London. The roof. How is a real social collapse being caused right now through foreclosures? The same hedgefunds that are buying colleges are buying colleges. Or do they want through PPPs to take over contracting work from the EDF? The same hedgefunds are the ones that are involved in the predatory funds that are taking people's homes, taking small businesses. The result is not only a deepening of the deep social crisis, but also the interconnection of the different aspects. Why you young people, you young people, if there is no rupture? First time we say break. What is the future you stand for will be a future with private health insurance and so-called deductibles which is the destruction of the American working class of American youth. Are you going to pay premiums in private? Insurance company. Health care. But then you won't dare go to the doctor. Because the first 10,000 you have to pay out of your own pocket and it's the same company that took your house? It will be the same company that will have bought the College, which will put tuition fees on you and then require you to either benevolently offer you a loan to pay for it - it will be the same company. And not be the company friends and comrades. Companions will be owned by the same company. Why do you know that right now in American capitalism? 90% of the companies 9 out of 10. Of the companies that are listed on the New York Stock Exchange are owned by 3 companies. There's not even a pretense? Market capitalism when 90% are owned by 3 companies that wield power over the youth. Over the middle class over the working class through the absolute monopoly of health care, education, housing, credit, loans, banking. This patchwork of power, of the money of the very few 0.1% over the many. Well, no, says the oligarchy. What are you saying? It's not water as a commodity. It's not education or health care. Commodity, everything is a commodity. That's what they tell you. What capitalism is is the commodification of everything is the triumph of exchange value of price over real value. That's capitalism. And as long as we let it. Degenerate going from one crisis to another, the more it will commodify everything, the more it will identify you yourselves with commodities. Already. A large part of our youth has been converted. Has it been converted? Into a brand like Apple, the iPHONE, is a brand. So they are trying to turn you into a brand not only here. Worldwide for you to think about it. Think about it sometime. Supposedly even in the midst of capitalism we had a space. Remember what we used to say 8 hours of work, 8 hours of rest? 8 hours of recreation, education, training, education and so on.

Today. With. Technology which we as Marxist people certainly applaud and what do we want? But we want to make it work for people, not against people. Today. Can I give you an example? Don't say I'm talking generally I remember a few years ago. Students. Coming to me asking for letters of recommendation to get a job. They would tell me. That to get a job today a decent job and pass the interview is enough. In the interview they have your file inside, they've seen that you've tweeted. Everything you've put on Facebook that's been put on TikTok from your own account, every post you've put up. Have you been tagged? Which means what? It means that young kids today all over the world. Every moment. Every moment. When they put something on the Internet when they think when. They communicate a thought to each other, a photo. They have to in the background and what's worse is that it's working subconsciously. Subconsciously they think. How will this look to a prospective employer? Suddenly. There is no autonomy of the individual. Suddenly you're a producer of the image. That the employer wants to see. The capital, which takes the form. of modern technologies and reaches you even through your mobile phone. The expansion of capital has entered your soul. It reaches the microcosm of our soul on one side and of course in the stars. On the other hand you know, friends, that in Luxembourg as we speak. There is an asteroid market. Isn't there? To say that and you know that, you know that at the moment the capitalization is around. About a trillion dollars, about a trillion dollars is the value of the contracts. For. Pumping. Materials. And specific ores from asteroids we don't have the technology to go to the asteroids yet, but there's already a market for them. That's capitalism. From the soul of the student who tries. And he thinks and suppresses what he will upload to the Internet with the thought or subconscious turned to the future employer up to the Asteroid market in Luxembourg. Isn't this society anymore? This is the commodification of all value, its trivialization.

I take the opportunity because today is a youth rally to not, as you can see, do a traditional election rally. Talk talk talk talk. Because you have given me this opportunity and I thank you very much for that. Because the election for us is an opportunity, it is not an end in itself. The day 25 alliance for the rupture we use the election. Not as an objective. But as a means. To build what our youth need the new great militant left that will lay the foundations. So that you can think about how to conquer power. To be able to think about how to take the means of production into your own hands so that you can liberate yourselves. Not from technology, but from them. Who have in their hands. The ownership of technology that has always been pitted against the have-nots. These property rights. That's what the agonist left means. This whole process of devaluation, because this is devaluation. Since I said the word devaluation.

Have you heard about the evaluation in universities? Do you know what it is? It is a process of evaluation. It's the way in which. The establishment. It schedules the degradation of difficult knowledge. The degradation of values in universities. And the maximization of quantitative indicators that essentially identify university output with the interests of the lowest shallow business interests.

In this atmosphere, in this climate, in a society that is living under conditions of prison debt, both public and private, it is no coincidence that you have been laying the serpent's egg since 2010. And it is. Genius for Mr. Mitsotakis, who systematically turns a blind eye to the Nazis, systematically turns both eyes to the far right photo. Photographed next to the obscene fence in Evros, turning around and accusing us of playing games, he says with the far right who is Mr Mitsotakis who has the Vorides, the Georgiades, every fascist in the new democracy and who excludes the party of Kasidiaris? To embrace his votes. Through a process that ensures the strengthening of Nazism and parties like Kasidiaris. In this society. Of nationalism, which is particularly profitable for the arms dealers, for the traffickers, for all those who make a living from repression. This nationalism goes hand in hand with sadism. What happened to Jacques a few years ago. The violence. On a person like Zack. The violence of the judicial system. On Zack's family, on the movement, which he supported. The basic principle of humanity against this gender violence. The way in which. We continue in this country to have mandatory service for men, which does not help national defense, nor does it help this society to break free from a. Absolutely antiquated sense of what it means to be patriotic and support the national security of the country. We are clear. Abolish mandatory service. Nationalism, militarism.

Female infanticide. Sadism. Discrimination against LGBTI people all of it. It's a thing just as much as it is a thing. The clinics. The red loans, the predatory funds that they do to our universities. Two words about labor. Just between you and me, don't tell anyone. Every May Day, every time we have a strike. And we all march on the stadium we go to the Constitution Addition and I see those banners of the official trade union bodies of the Adedi GSEE. I really feel very, very difficult to be with those banners. Of the labor leaders. Who have no interest in the labour dallas comrades, comrades-in-arms, comrades-in-arms, comrades-in-arms, comrades-in-arms, comrades-in-arms. We must bend very carefully over the great challenges that a new trade union movement will have. Youth rights. Who have no interest in the struggle of the classes that is taking place with their own blessing. These state-sponsored trade unionists must be finished with them a new trade unionism is needed, a new trade unionism that is already beginning to be born. We have seen this with e Food we see it in the biowe see what real unionism is. The equivalent of the militant left that we are building. What does militant, new trade unionism mean, it's only workerism not just the establishment.

It's also the technology. Evolution. The cloud cloud. The interconnection of devices with the servers of large enterprises. They pose a real threat to the new syndicalism. We talked about efood.We have Vasilis here who can tell you about it because he is the man who set up the union with other colleagues. He will tell you that one way. Let's go. He will. He will tell you. That when an employer wants to punish a unionist or an employee who is more inclined to unionize. He doesn't have to do anything overt. He changes the algorithm a little bit and this particular one doesn't livermore. He goes minimum 5 km routes in the rain. Without even being visible. The algorithms are now. They're the bosses' janitors. You don't see him the way you used to see the janitor, The mean sad guy in Eisenstein's movies is an algorithm now. It's something that's programmed in a very beautiful laboratory. It's what I call a necrophallus. I want to bring you some unpleasant information from the United States. There the progressive international in which we participate. We have. We've worked a lot. With the unions that are trying like the efood union here To bring obstacles to exploitation to deep exploitation. From techno feudal lords. Like Efood. Same with Amazon. You know that every Black Friday the progressive international we organize worldwide worldwide worldwide. From Vietnam to Bangladesh, India, India, Germany, New Jersey to Seattle. A strike involving millions of workers against Amazon. But I'll tell you something. In relation to the algorithm. Amazon. It's finding ways. To kill in quotes, to eliminate. The syndicates which amount to some of their warehouses as follows. There are. Algorithms particularly impressive spectacular real achievements of the human mind, which at this moment we're talking. They are studying. The proteins that are viruses or bacteria. Will you tell me what this has to do with anything? I'll tell you what it has to do with it? Through algorithmic processes they can analyze the structure of bacteria and viruses and synthesize antibiotics. It would take the human mind a million years to synthesize them. They figure out which combinations of proteins are the ones that if you hit point A at point B with a particular antibiotic you can beat the disease? Amazon uses just such algorithms to predict which warehouse has a rise in unionism, so that it sends its trucks or trains to other warehouses, bypassing and eventually closing warehouses where labor tends to rise. The new unionism will address these and don't think that's not something that's coming here? Because these technologies are too easily transferable? We have Scrooge here we have their equivalent, we have efood they know very well. They come with these software packages, how do they deal with the new unionism? We day 25 alliance for the break and I say this because I am addressing young people, we have a sacred obligation. We are not technologically literate. To help the trade union movement in no way cap it. We are not like the other parties trying to exploit the new unionism. But to help them and with the expertise we have and you who are with us, who are part of it. Of the Mera 25 Alliance for Rupture to help. These enclaves. Of the new unionism to grow and prevent the techno-feudalists from isolating and defeating them.

Friends, compa単eras and compa単eros, whether we call what I am describing now. capitalism, which is on crack or on steroids, or we call it technophobia. It doesn't matter what it is. You know what it is? That this kind of generalized and technologically enhanced exploitation. It's getting closer and closer. The deepest crisis. Why will I give you an example? Take a traditional car company, General Motors, let's say Volkswagen. About 85% of the revenues of such a traditional capitalist multinational company. It goes to wages. About 85%. Do you know what percentage of Amazon goes to wages? 0,9%. The rest is profits. Profits, which of course are never declared, because through Ireland, the Netherlands, the Cayman Islands and so on, Luxembourg, with the blind eye of the European Union, you know that Amazon last year had 43 billion. Revenue just in the European Union alone. Do you know how much tax it paid? A radical figure of zero. Zero. Why am I saying this? Because when you have one of these? Unequal distribution. Of revenue. Such huge multinationals. When 20 30% doesn't go to the workers, who will buy the goods of this capitalism? It doesn't make sense that all the time this capitalism can't produce the demand for the goods it produces. This is a classic Marxian view. But what if this was true for the time Marx was writing? Is it true today? It's no accident. That central banks are forced to print trillions of dollars. Euro yen pounds, Swiss francs, Swiss francs, and anything else the human mind can imagine, because that wasn't happening before 2008. The reason is that after 2008 capitalism can no longer be motivated by its profits. It needs the state what they say that capitalism is markets, which work efficiently. On the basis of the coordination of human choices, customers, consumers, producers. It's all a bunch of baloney. The only reason capitalism is upright is because we have states that print money, the money center, which we were accused of not printing the money center, which we were accused of not printing the money center is fine if it prints money to fuel this exploitative process that pits technology against people and people against people.

This is the situation that we face worldwide, of course. That is why it is important not to forget our internationalism, compa単eros and compa単eros fellow travellers. Why is it not possible for us to entrench ourselves here and forget that every year three and a half million households are thrown out on the street in America? Do you know that? We have been talking about foreclosures three and a half million families are thrown out on the street. Recently I was listening to a podcast from MPR the New York State radio station about a case. The bailiffs came in. That had sent a bank to an apartment. And they found two orphans. Their mother had died. And she was dead inside the apartment. They kicked them out and threw the orphans in the street. They took them out in a suitcase and left them in the street.

So when this happens in the best countries of capitalism, what do we here expect to be treated with the glove if we don't rise up? If we don't all stand up and take our fate into our own hands, to turn against the local manifestation of the oligarchy without borders. If we do not join hands with the working class of Germany, the working class of America, China, India worldwide. We will not be able to. To be able to look at what is in the next generations and say we did our duty. Are you young people getting ready, you young people?

Two words about the executioner, I can't leave it out. Everyone is talking about the executioner, I can't help but talk a little bit. By the way, just before I came. I remembered, I had forgotten, I came across it by accident in a Financial Times article. Not a left-wing paper, the Financial Times. June 2015. Where a Financial Times journalist explains that the payment system I was designing at the time. I had also written an article in the Financial Times very recently. Maybe it was the solution. On the issues. Of the fiscal policy of the countries of the European Union. Just so I can remind you is to remember it myself. Look at what the Demeter tell you what it is? It is a first step of liberation from the bankers, both private and central bankers is the future. It is. The use of technology for the first time not by the oligarchy. But by a government our government, which will create a system of digital free payments, not to be wasted by bankers, not to be able to close our banks. The central bankers and we can make transactions, put our savings there without having to worry. For the interests of Mr. John Paulson, the criminal who has taken over Piraeus without having to worry. If Mr Draghi, Mrs Lagarde, now close our banks, that cannot be tolerated. Greek. Oligarch. This cannot be opened. The PASOK man who voted for all the memoranda. Because what will happen otherwise? They close the banks.

Mr Mitsotakis cannot open up. Friends will call, friends will say what did you do? We had a monopoly on the payment system. It's like owning all the roads and tolling anyone who goes to the kiosk to get a chocolate and missing it. You're going to allow them to take that monopoly away from us and of course you can't accept it if you are. Part of the SYRIZA. Which gave land and water. And what does it tell us that it saved the country? Because he said yes to everything. To keep the banks from closing.

The Demeter system. But it is a very small first step. It is necessary to free society from the autocracy of finance capital. If we do not liberate society from finance capital, we will not be able to take the next step, which is. That which Charles Marx taught us about along with Friedrich Engels. That it cannot exist. Nor democracy. No stability. If the means of production are not socialized. Without bosses, who will protect us from the bosses? It is. The number one question in the minds of young people and older people, but young people have decades ahead of them. of oppression by the bosses. But there is another question that I am asked by many young people and many young people, don't you think? From the bureaucrat. The statist, the chairman in the ministry or in the Taddean service, who will protect us? Here we have to answer both questions. Before yesterday, what before yesterday? In all the channels or in some of the channels there was a whole discussion because I mentioned where it was in Kavala, it was in Serres, I mentioned it somewhere. The idea of one worker, one share, one vote, in other words, self-managed socialism. And they had whole panels. In which they analyzed our positions. And of course they condemned them as absolutely ridiculous and ludicrous. Without our own representative of course commenting, that's the quality of their democracy to enjoy.

Never mind that people have understood, as they understood the week before the referendum, that. That demonisation meant that we who said no knew something. The same thing is happening and is happening today and you will see that. The more we are demonised the more we are vilified and talked about without us, the more we are reinforced. We should thank them. Is that so? What was very, very entertaining was watching them try. To hit us with the idea of the self-managed essence of the socialist structure of an enterprise, that is, saying, what an entrepreneur would put up the capital and distribute the shares equally to all the workers. They can't have their minds like Aristotle, Aristotle. He could not conceive of a society without slaves. It was impossible so he thought that work was both legal and moral. And so our channels can't imagine that there can be a life and a cooperative.

2 people, young scientists.Let's build a company. A cooperative. For new technologies for some application for anything, for new technologies in the agricultural economy. And each one of these people that comes in should have a share. That doesn't mean they'll have the same wages. They may democratically agree that you know what Helen we need her more because she has better know-how than Kostas and me and we will pay her more right, but it will be decided democratically as far as the shares are concerned. The proposal is very simple through the system, a system like the demitra, whoever wants to lend to whomever wants to lend to whomever wants to lend to the companies, but no one can buy the future surplus value of working proletarians. This is the idea behind one share, one worker, one vote.

Like Demeter, it is the future. In fact it's the only non-dystopian future, because I can imagine a future like Sid Vicious said that doesn't actually exist or that our young people don't deserve to live in. We are here. For there to be a future in this country for there to be a movement.

A new big left-wing militant faction, which will play. An active role in the world peace movement in the new global Non-Aligned movement, which we are working on with the President of Mexico, with the President of Brazil, with our fellow travellers in India, in South Africa, all over the world. Because this generation has the right to live outside the shadows of the war in Ukraine without the shadows of the new Cold War, which could very easily happen. A nuclear one between the United States and China.

Companions. Fellow comrades. Elections are an excuse for us, they are a pretext, they are a means to something very big, which we are building here tonight in Athens, which you are building because you will live in the conditions that it will create? This is the great militant faction conditions that will give you the right, as I said before, to look at the next generation, the generation of your own children and say we have done our duty, we have done our duty. We have made our country viable again in an international environment that does not falter in war and in the orchestrated. Malice of a capital that eventually turns against itself as well as a virus that kills the organism in which it lives today here alliance for rupture day 25 begins with a very beautiful struggle in which I invite you to be, not shareholders. Nor co-owners, but to be leaders. All together all together thank you.