Thank you very much for this warm presence. And here from Kalamata, from Messinia, from the Peloponnese, we are sending a message of rebirth, perspective and new hope for all democrats, for all progressive Greeks. We are opening up paths of logic and progress against the establishment, maintenance, populism and elitism. You know very well that 21 May is a very crucial date for the country. 21 May the stakes are not whether PASOK becomes a bigger, The real stakes are whether every democrat, every progressive citizen finds his home again, the home of democracy, of respect for human rights, of prosperity, of progress for the Greek people. This home. That sealed the years of post-independence; that built the National Health System. Which built the strong public education that gave opportunities to the child of the farmer, the farmer's child, to study, to have a family, to succeed in life. The party that tamed all discrimination. Political, religious and united the Greeks without fear, without division.

So why is it necessary for the future of the country to revive the democratic party? Because, quite simply, our political opponents have only one weapon in their hands. To divide the Greek people. They have set up 2 paracratic mechanisms on the Internet. They are trying to discredit authoritative journalism; politicians who speak programmatically to those people who are fighting for something new and different, keeping the country tied to a very bad past, a past we thought we had left behind decades ago. It is no coincidence, after all, that these two parties. From 2014 onwards. I can say even before that if we consider the date when Mr. Karamanlis handed over a bankrupt Greece to PASOK as a milestone from that moment they started to fight fiercely against PASOK, they tried to blame everything on a party which historically offered many times more to the country than they did and even today they try to use PASOK's reforms. But which they never voted for. What did the Left and Right support in Greece? The reforms in local government; here it is in Many local politicians who remember if they ever supported the great reforms of decentralization of the state and regional development; the reforms of transparency? The reforms of meritocracy? The Assep? The clarity? Or the reforms that built the rule of law making Greece a normal European country? And I'm talking about independent authorities and the separation of powers, the autonomy of the judiciary. None of this was supported by them, which is why today they do not respect all this titanic work and they do not respect him, because inequalities have escalated.

Populism, divisiveness, the devaluation of public discourse are commonplace. And they do not respect it for yet another important reason: the quality of democracy in Greece is constantly declining, and the quality of democracy is the freedom of the media, which we are at the bottom of the European Union's list, the independent authorities that are being attacked either by Polakis in the past or Georgiades now, when they try to investigate unhealthy cases, such as the case of wiretapping, unhealthy cases, such as the TV licences.

And of course what does Europe say? All of this is the European institutions coming to Greece and Mr. Mitsotakis with Mr. Gerapetritis saying, don't meet the Greek government. What other European state has a liberal government? Which has this kind of behaviour.But why? Because, quite simply, Mr Mitsotakis, like Mr and Mr Tsipras in the past, does not care if the country is exposed. If they cared about this, they would not have held the false referendum of 15 saying the people voted to tear up the memoranda and in the end we almost fell out of the European Union, so that in the evening, a few hours after the popular verdict saying no, Mr Tsipras did the no yes, this has not only happened in African colonies, a similar example has happened.

And of course the wiretapping case is something that no Greek would have imagined that in 2023. We would be talking about an organized ERT parastate, which would be run by the Maximou Mansion, where the commander of the NSA would be a henchman of Mr. Mitsotakis who changed the way of appointment to put his chosen one who is his nephew behind all this my watched the head of the armed forces, political cadres of his party. And instead of the independent operation of the Greek Parliament of the committees of inquiry to put a shield the majority of the New Democracy so that nothing is solved and none of the protagonists to justice.

I say this because Mr Mitsotakis. He says every day. That I have a personal problem with him. Why would I have a personal problem with him? I have my nephew watching him. I attacked his family. I had the Internet parastatals photograph him as an agent of China, Russia, Turkey. If possible. Did he do all this at my expense? Mr. Mitsotakis? So this is why the problem For me, the problem is not personal, it is deeply political, it is a political issue to send to the dustbin the stories, the practices of the right wing that Mr Mitsotakis imitates from his father in the 90's. 93. We therefore have a duty, every democrat and every democrat, to say so far to the New Democracy parastatal.

Why Mr Tsipras? And he says, "Don't you own Andreas Papandreou? We don't own Andreas Papandreou. So let's be philosophical about it. Andreas Papandreou. He belongs to history; he is the greatest democratic leader since the Second World War. In the DNA of the democratic party. There are 2 faces, there are 2 faces that symbolize Greece of realism and progress 2 faces. The great Eleftherios Venizelos. The great Andreas Papandreou. We. We don't have property rights, we have something much bigger. Mr Tsipras, we are the continuators of the traditions, principles and values of the historic democratic party. And we don't expect anyone to stamp us with a political passport. Nor property titles. But let us tell the truth. Who is closer to Andreas Papandreou? The leader of the party that Andreas Papandreou founded or the leader of the party that led him and tried in the Special Court to lock him up in the prison that organized his personal extermination together with Mr. Mitsotakis' New Democracy? You know Mr Tsipras has a talent for falsification; for distortion. Because. The criteria and the level of political morality are measured very differently.

So let's not talk about the distant past, which is not so distant, let's talk about the recent past. George Papandreou. He took over a bankrupt Greece. And with the truth to the Greek people. Mr. Tsipras. He christened him Pinochet. He identified George Papandreou with the murderous dictator of Chile. And a few months ago he was saying that it was probably Mr. Karamanlis who bankrupted Greece and that George Papandreou was right, while for a few months he was blaming Karamanlis, reversing his narrative. He's going to Serres. While he has already put his close associate and press spokesman Mr. Antonaros on his ballot papers. And he speaks highly of Mr Karamanlis.

For Vangelis Venizelos. With the Novartis affair, he organized his personal extermination. We all remember what happened in the Greek parliament. And in the summer, with the wiretapping case, he also spoke highly of Vangelis Venizelos, because he considered his proposal and his view of the rule of law to be very important for public debate. Am I saying this? Why? And we will talk about the programmatic issues later, and we will not just dwell on them, but they have a very great value. Why? People have to understand, it's not just what you say. It's also who says it, and we have two unreliable and dangerous systems of power. So I call on all Greeks, especially the younger generation. to embrace their struggles. To put their hope in us. Because our word is credible. It is documented, it is concrete. We do not play the game of divisiveness, nor do we play the game of toxicity. We firmly believe that the Greek people will stand up only if the new generation stands up and even more so if they are united in the great global changes. This is our vision for our country and not a country where there is a nuclear accident in Ukraine or a war in another country and Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis fight over the slightest thing in Greece. So this is not a serious political system, the Greek people do not deserve it, the Greek people deserve much more and we are all here together to offer it on 21 May, building the new hope with the word of progress and perspective.

Friends. For many months now there has been another discussion about partnerships. What do we say? What is happening in all European countries, in about 85% of all European countries. There are governments of cooperation. But cooperation governments are not come and share ministries, secretaries general, governors of organisations. It is with programmatic convergences, with persons of common consent, with persons who can serve. These partnerships? So I believe, as a European Social Democrat, that this way of exercising power helps transparency, creates institutional counterweights. We do not have a Prime Minister who is capable of everything from sending the country out of the European Union to setting up a spying state to influencing the judiciary to seeing oligarchs in the Recovery Fund projects, because there are internal counterweights in governments because of programmatic convergence and personalities. And yet they say and stay only in the face of the Prime Minister, because they stay only there, because this personal concern of theirs does not care about the future of Greece, nor of Tsipras and Mitsotakis. The future of the chair interests you. So what am I saying? It's that. obviously he won't impose. One more thing. The faces. It'll be common ground.

I do not aspire to impose on any person. The persons will be of common consent. And if they think and want an excuse, why not suggest them? It is because the problems facing the country have been decided. They are their protagonists and not only now, but since the bankruptcy of Karamanlis and afterwards, because they never gave consent, never gave a helping hand, never spoke the word of realism, consistency, responsibility; they were only interested in conquering power with the Zapiaia, with the Thessaloniki programs and all these unbelievable things, the unbelievable mockeries that they then christened as illusions. To take the blame for the problems.

So I want to be clear around Kalamata where Mr Mitsotakis cannot co-govern with his own party. Will he agree with PASOK? Let us be honest; let us be honest at last. Mr Mitsotakis is not co-governing with New Democracy, he has formed a group in the Maksimou, he has even given ministries to the orphans of Karatzaferis, the most critical ministries. But he is supposedly a liberal. And he runs the whole state alone with his nephew until recently. And this man has a culture of cooperation, no culture. And I want the centrist voter to understand that with a strong PASOK we will have stability with a strong right we will have an authoritarian concept at the expense of the public interest that will make the state a spoil of power for the cronies of Mr. Mitsotakis, as Tsipras did in the past with Kammenos.

So that's why it's my priority, but I don't hear any answers. Meritocracy, how do we have meritocracy? So I pledge that if we are a government, all the posts of hospital administrators, of hospital administrators, of institutions, of boards of directors, within 2 months there will be an open international competition. We will also give strong financial incentives to bring in people of high competence. Why managing millions of 1 €-1500 € per month? I don't think it happens in any other country. Why is this happening so that the party officials can put failed MPs in the party to take care of them? We do not aspire to such a state. We want a state that serves the citizen adequately. And I am surprised, but not a single person was found to say a word to say I agree I disagree, I did not hear any journalist asking them as they ask me urgently what I will do 22 May I did not hear them ask, especially after the tragedy of Tempi that scarred the Greek people, do they agree with the proposal of meritocracy or will they continue the viciousness of the party state? Because if we look at the biographies of all the protagonists of this incredible tragedy, they are all ignorant of the history of trains. Party children of the new democracy, friends of the machismo, with total incompetence.

To be fair. This was the case in previous years as well.Because you can't say. In PASOK you are selling off the OSE. For 200-400 million euros, but then give it away at a minimum price? And endowing the Italians with 250 million euros from the barren lines.And making an independent authority where you put people seconded from unrelated departments, with the result that there is no control over the trains. To have a telecommunications contract without a single €1 of Greek money, all European funds. And to give 7 extensions under SYRIZA and New Democracy. And I say this because suddenly we have forgotten the tragedy of Tempe.How easily we forget. I want to stimulate the memory, not just to remember the tragedy, but to understand why our state is not changing, because we don't take the lessons of history, we skip everything easily, while we can imitate the best practices of other European countries and create a normal state that guarantees the public interest, where Greek children will finally feel secure and have a perspective. This is our great vision. A state that will guarantee that will guarantee. A society of equality and justice with opportunities for young people. How else will they stay in Greece? To have families, to stand up. If this state does not work on other terms than the current ones.

Friends. We have said a lot of programmatic things today, in fact, it was the event where we presented our program. Our priorities. And the statewide ballot. And yesterday was an important date because we presented a strong network of scholars from abroad progressive children, a PASOK from abroad. Because for us, having a relationship with the Second Greece that left during the years of the economic crisis is not just a matter of one party. It is a matter of the homeland because these people have new experiences, new perceptions and can help on issues that push Greece towards a better future.

So, we have some structured priorities.First of all, the cost of living. The cost of living and the cost of production undermine everyday life and competitiveness. What should we do? What is your cost of living? They are elastic costs. Health, education, rent.We say rent, we say rent, short term rentals are galloping. With Mr. Tsipras' decisions, the funds have taken the red loans of thousands of Greeks, they are being blackmailede new real estate programs are being introduced, which is not a sustainable development, a stable development. We are undermining in the long term our lives in our everyday life. In a few years we will be strangers on our islands, we will not even be able to take a holiday, a doctor will not be able to find a house. In Rhodes and Kalymnos so that a teacher can do his job. What is the state doing about all this? It's a traffic cop. Of foreign interests?

So what do we call cost of living? Social housing programme. It's an idea that came to us out of the blue. But the Portuguese have been doing it, the Spanish have been doing it, the Italians have been doing it, the Germans have been doing it, the Austrians have been doing it for many decades. Why shouldn't Greece do it? They give us the money from the Recovery Fund. 20,000 houses, Portuguese. 10,000 Spaniards, 11 Italians thousands of 100 houses. Mr Mitsotakis 70 in Athens and 30 in Thessaloniki. This is his perception of the cost of living for the Greek people. 100 houses compared to the thousands that other traitorous governments said they put into the development programme.

So what do we say? New construction.So that it creates a social pool of housing plus opening up closed houses. With incentives for reconstruction from the Recovery Fund and tax incentives low or zero ENVIA to include houses in the pool to build 150,000 such houses in all major urban centres to be given on social criteria to young couples and. People with other problems on social criteria. And so we don't give new property by making the citizen a customer, as the New Democracy program does, which is also for the few. You should know that most people are excluded because of the cost of housing today, but we are making a framework of healthy competition, so that through the 150,000 houses that are in common areas, the rents will be reduced and so the benefit will not only be for the 150 thousand families, but also for the tens of thousands of other families who live in these areas.

Second point of inelastic health costs. Our hospitals. Our hospitals, the national health system that we George Gennimatas and Paraskevas Avgerinos implemented. They are in good shape; we are in good shape. Proving to the European Union what Mitsotakis despises, the day before yesterday he said that we should not believe the OASA because it is a mistake not to listen to the OASA to listen to Mr Bampi Papadimitriou and the canaries of New Democracy. Amazing things. So what does it say third on private spending in health care? The Greeks praise us only the Bulgarians and Lithuanians say with the Recovery Fund was done in the years of the pandemic; why does Europe do it? The Recovery Fund? Primarily to support the health systems and economies from the side effects of the coronavirus. Mr Mitsotakis supported the health sector; 2% is the actual amount from the Recovery Fund and it becomes 4 because please add up the energy upgrading of the buildings; it is our commitment to make it 8-10% in order to revive the PASOK The national health system which is the party that envisioned it.

So we say.A strong primary care network. Salaries of health workers at the average of the European Union to stop our doctors and economists leaving abroad, because the salaries in Greece are starvation wages for a man who has been struggling for years. To become a doctor. Their inclusion in the heavy and unhealthy category was an amendment that we tabled. The government did not vote for it. But we guarantee that we will bring it back in the future. It is. The meritocracy of the administrations that I said before, our hospitals can't have their administrations being run by people who don't know health issues.

Friends.Another part of the cost of living. Very useful is education. I listen to the last day again. In the usual toxic conflict. Let the journalists say. He was trying to serve hits on the narrative. Mitsotakis. Are you with the university police or are you not? Because it became university police and we know it or rather it did, but it doesn't work around as university police with our taxes, but there is no university police. And why we've been asked for so many years we've been told, you are and not following what I've been saying all along. Very simple, what's happening all over Europe? Security companies control the universities, students enter with a card, there are cameras in the labs that have expensive machines and that's it. So we have to make a new body to buffet the new democracy and in the end it doesn't work. The new thing now is the base 10. Are you saying you are for the base 10 or against the base 10? Mr. Tsipas, as a known populist, says, We have no exams, get in all of you, okay elections are coming he will say and as well as a car to the children. No motorbike all the same he will give something to get no votes.

So what we say is clear. The whole model that has made high school and middle school a staple is wrong. Prioritizing kids in tutoring can continue that. Making it a huge cost to raise a child. Paying thousands for tutoring. While we can support the public school how; by changing to the model, it cannot be according to PASOK that a person's future is judged in one exam. That is why we are in favour. Of the national baccalaureate national baccalaureate is multiple exams in the last 2 years of high school and so there is a dispersion of risk and fear of the student and it also puts the focus of teaching back on high school and middle school. But that's not all it is primary and elementary. It has huge problems. What are we saying? We in the primary say every student. One computer, every teacher, one computer and every classroom interactive whiteboard to have modern lessons.

We're talking about strengthening the special education structures to have the real school of inclusion.I go to many parts of Greece and I meet parents with children who have learning difficulties, who are on the autism spectrum and they say, you know, I have a fear and I'm talking about people 45, 50 years old. When I leave this life, what will my child do? Well, this is not a European country. This is a country that is decades behind and we have a duty to change it by making strong services for these people, our fellow human beings and their families. And of course a school tomorrow in Mrs Kerameos and we have 3000 psychologists and social workers, but isn't that how many schools we have? We have 23-24,000 schools, it will be very few. So we are talking about strong structures, strong services in every school, to deal with the very large and growing incidents of domestic violence in schools.These are a few proposals along with a strong public university, which makes public education a protagonist. Because we are not against having a non-state non-profit university in Greece. Because the issue of a private one is another discussion. Harvard is not a private university, nor is Stanford a non-state nonprofit. If there's a business group that wants to do a university with research, with campuses with infrastructure, let them come and do it. We don't disagree, but PASOK's priority is a strong public university so that every weak, Greek or middle class child can get an education without looking at their grandmother's, grandfather's, mother's or father's wallet. Because for us, the public university is the most powerful weapon of upward social mobility for every Greek.

Friends. I cannot say enough about private debt. Why do I hear a lot of talk? In fact, Mr Mitsotakis recently announced the 120 instalments that we have been talking about for months now. What do we say 120 instalments for everyone, for seven tax offices and when they meet all the instalments you get a 30% reduction from the initial capital and Mr Mitsotakis says we did it. Do they participate and how many have been excluded. This is the mockery of the new democracy that he had the audacity to announce. The 120 instalment arrangements only for a few people in the country. And of course the red loans. Mr Tsipras. He was saying and here he would have said it for sure don't pay seismic fees. Yes, yesterday, when he was talking about Andreas Papandreou. He said the following. He says our proposal for red loans is very realistic, so we don't say seismic charges. He was talking about seismicity, mocking the Greek people, in other words, Mr Tsipras himself was being self-deluded. In other words, unreliability and theatre on the backs of the Greek people, who have huge deadlocks and are desperate, seeing the danger of losing their home.

So we, because I hear some people from SYRIZA saying that we were pressured by the Troika and we made the agreement to sell the red loans, because PASOK was not pressured by the Troika not to do the law to protect the first home, but it did and SYRIZA is now claiming that they didn't vote for it. So that is why we believe that criteria must be introduced in the negotiations between the funds and the borrowers and we are not talking about borrowers, only individuals, we are talking about cooperatives. Dozens of cooperatives throughout Greece have sold their loans to the funds, with the result that agricultural property is at risk. So, universal protection of agricultural land. We stand in the way of the de-fellatinization of the Greek economy and regulations generous regulations and not to come the funds that are interested in the 15% that bought the red loans to make 35 and leave. People are speculators they are not interested in the future of the Greek economy. We said negotiation at the forefront with banking criteria so that there are long-term arrangements. There is no other way, the other way will be a way of undermining the competitiveness of the country and of course. The borrowers of the Greek franc. Our proposal is clear, it is 80,000 families, there may be some here among you.1/3 of the change is that one third of the interest rate is charged to the borrower and two thirds to the banks.

Friends. All these are political proposals for a new Greece, for a Greece that gives redemptive solutions to its citizens and not one that holds them hostage, for a Greece that gives a second chance, dignity to people who have struggled, but who have not endured, because that is what happens in life. We were not all princes that no matter what happens we can stand tall. The state must be a shield for all Greeks and especially for those people who the crisis. The pandemic has put them in a very difficult position.

In conclusion. I can't help but talk about agribusiness. We have also spoken from Thessaly about a new contract between the Greek farmer and the Greek farmer. After all, PASOK is the party that gave prospects and dignity to the entire rural world of the country in the 1980s. So we did; in this sector that was a source of life for Messinia and is a source of life for Messinia. We believe that we must take initiatives. This is where one of the most famous brands of the global agri-food sector is produced, namely Kalamata olives, extra virgin olive oil and other high-quality products, the surplus value of which, unfortunately, is reaped by third countries. The time has come to invest in standardisation and to put a stop to the bulk distribution of products at the expense of the producer. Ensuring the quality of agricultural products and supporting quality agriculture is a priority for intelligent agriculture and cannot only be a regulatory commitment of the new CAP, it must be a genuine national priority. This needs a new rural development plan.

Friends. We are saying that while we are having the adventure of the energy crisis, we are saying that there should be a subsidy for the purchase of animal feed, for fuel with zero excise duty on agricultural oil during the crisis period and of course it is very important to talk about the fixed energy costs. Why should we have fixed energy costs? Because. the war in Ukraine brought forward an already predetermined event. leaving fossil fuels and going to other forms. Energy costs are going up, that's a known fact, what we do. We put strategic fuel transitional fuel, natural gas that we do not own and that even Tsipras said that we should stop exploration, stay only on those that he had signed, so we are energy In blackmail from third countries. What are we saying? Priority to renewables, but how? Build a strong energy grid with high interconnectivity, so that the green transition does not become a business for 5 oligarchs with huge energy parks. We believe that farmers, farmers, cooperatives, processors should be prioritized to have a stable energy cost for the next 15 years by doing their planning.

Friends We must also talk about the update of the ELGA insurance regulation, extending the coverage of disasters to livestock caused by climate change. Our country, which is at the heart of climate change, cannot be a country that this year we all say will experience the hottest summer. The Ministry of Rural Development should not give priority to a new ELGA, a new regulation that will take account of these huge climate changes at the expense of the Greek producer. And of course, the whole process for the new CAP programmes must be completed within a year with specific dates for application, evaluation and payment to end the hassle and bureaucracy that is causing our farmers great hardship.

In conclusion. I think a resilient economy is very critical. What does this economy mean? It is a preventable one. And not coming in after you've created the problem, doing prevention. What is the big problem of our farmers? Energy, when we could have dealt with it a few years ago with renewables. So, like this summer. We were talking about energy costs, we'll be talking in a few years. This is a given for the cost of using water resources.So to prevent Well this phenomenon, we have prioritized the support of projects related to water resources throughout Greece, so here. We consider that the Filiatrano dam that has been completed since 2017 and today 6 years have passed and the networks for 35,000 acres have not been put out to tender. It should be a priority for the next government.

Finally, the land workers. Tsipras was saying whoever wants to come in 15 Mitsotakis is now playing on the fear of the Greek people and says closed borders, what do we say?The borders exist, we have a duty to guard our borders, they are not only Greek borders, they are also European borders and without the Europeans putting their hand deep in their pockets to guard our borders. But. Come on, everyone, you are all basking in the fact that Mr Mitsotakis does not see that farmers and stockbreeders are being destroyed by the lack of land workers. Hey, this is going too far for populists, with the tie. So that is why there must be support for this huge issue with a coherent immigration policy.

Friends, the farmer needs a different approach with honesty, with integrity, mistakes have been made and we know them very well. These mistakes must not be repeated. We cannot have this incredible mockery that we have experienced over the last three years with the raisin product. You know only too well what has happened here. We have to end these games and move dynamically into areas of the economy where the ministry will plan, inform to make the farmer an entrepreneur and that is the direction and value of the existence of the state, of structured strategic planning. So that is why we are saying. Greece cannot be an endless hotel, this development is unsustainable, tourism, which is now very strong here, must be linked to agri-food with measurable data, so that we know every year how many travelers who come to Messinia enjoy Greek wine, Greek oil, olives and processed livestock products. Only in this way can we build an economy, along the lines of Spain and Portugal, which in the past imitated Italy, so that tourism becomes the engine that will support all the Greek people in the Greek region. To have strong competitiveness and to keep the children of farmers on their land to succeed and create families with dignity.

Friends, in closing. I will say a word about Greek-Turkish relations, because next week we will know. Who will be the leader of the neighbouring country? We aspire and hope that above all, peace, stability, respect for good neighbourliness, respect for human rights, respect for international law, that a leadership will emerge that has all these characteristics. I do not see who that leadership is. On the one hand, Erdogan has spots that make Thrace blush. Western Thrace and the islands of the northeastern Aegean. On the other hand, Mr. Kilincaroglu is on a rally of threats and tensions with Greece, saying things about the Aegean islands. Mr. Tsipras goes to Germany and talks about the Aegean pressures to Chancellor Schulz with another leadership. Does Mr Tsipras have to explain to the Greek people before 21 May what he means by Aegean presses, why Andreas Papandreou, Andreas Papandreou and Aegean presses? And especially when we have these 2 options from the Turkish leadership, I cannot understand neither what he means nor how any convergence will take place. We obviously want a Turkey that respects its own people and its neighbours, which is why our priority when we are at this level of meetings with foreign heads of state is to talk about a unified European foreign policy that sends clear messages to Turkey and about another issue, the Euroarmy, so that the Greek people stop paying billions to the Europeans, while at the same time they are arming Turkey. The Eurostrike is an issue not only of Greek national sovereignty. It is an issue of security and social justice for all European peoples. So that Estonians, Finns and Greeks can feel secure. The Cypriots and all the European peoples of the periphery, and not for some to pay billions, for others to plunder and at the same time for Turkey to have the courage to challenge neighbouring countries. Let what happened in Ukraine be a lesson to them. We have a consistent attitude and now it is unthinkable. When in Ukraine SYRIZA played Pontius Pilate; now with Turkey thinking it has easy and magical solutions in its pocket and even going abroad without any such national understanding to invoke such scenarios.

So that's it? Which is the big bet on May 21 Is all this life-changing description to be put into practice? And obviously it is in our hands and in the hands of the Greek people. But it is also in the hands of every member of our party. Every member of our party in the coming days has a duty towards the history of the party towards the Greek society towards the great struggles of the change of the 80s, 90s, 2000, of consistency, of hope, of social justice, of national dignity. In the coming days, each and every one of you should take the cause of the rebirth of the democratic party into your own hands, here today from Kalamata, from Messinia and the Peloponnese. Your warm welcome gives us hope. It fills us with strength. But above all, it makes us feel the weight of the debt of the new change. That is why we call on every Greek woman to make a decision for change on May 21, to change the country, to turn the page and live again years of perspective, years of justice, years without inequalities, years of stability. These are our values. These are our principles this is our struggle these are our struggles for this. All together May 21 for the great victory. I thank you from the bottom of my heart for your warm presence today and you can be sure that on 21 May PASOK will be reborn and dynamically return to the forefront of history for the benefit of all the Greek people, especially the weakest and the middle class. Good strength and good luck in our struggle.
