Thank you very much for this very warm welcome here in Chios. In a gathering that I did not expect to be so large at noon on Saturday. But the gathering is twice as big as I expected, because you Chians go two by two. And so two-by-two we're also going to the ballot box to bring change. For the country to breathe again. Because this "two-by-two" some people misunderstand it, they make fun of it, but it has a lot of substance. What does two-two mean? It means one standing next to the other. It means one supports the other. It means solidarity. It means strength in unity. That's what it means. It was wise of the Chians to first put this out. Merchants, open minds, refugees in this place, they made progress. And I think that's what we need today. We need that sense of solidarity, of unity, of collectivity that will give us strength. Because only together can we bring change in our lives, in our country, in our government.

And if some younger people forgot, they have now been reminded by this government, which was the worst government of the right since the post-war period. Because this is not a government of the right, this is a government of big interests. It was right what was heard and even first heard in the Greek Parliament from the lips of the late Fofi Gennimata who had said "Maximou S.A." So it is not just a right-wing government.

And I'm also addressing conservative people. Voters, years of New Democracy who are embarrassed by the illegal wiretapping case. They were watching half of the political system inside the Maximou Mansion, breaking down any notion of democratic legitimacy and the rule of law.  

They feel ashamed when they see their income shrinking, their income being saved in the first 20 days of the month and they don't have enough to make it through the month.

They feel ashamed when they see that Greece is the most expensive country in Europe in terms of the wholesale price of electricity. Paying the most expensive petrol in the whole of Europe and the middle class being fed with coupons in the supermarket, that is the reality today. Those who came out in '19 to say that they were coming to give the middle class a perspective, have reduced the middle class to living on coupons.

Change is the great desire of the great majority of the Greek people and I will say it once again. The many want change and the many will make their wish come true at the ballot box on May 21. On election night the lies end. Because we have heard a lot of lies for four years now.

But why do many people want change? The many want change because they have seen their income shrink. Those who earn up to 700 euros a month have lost 40% of their purchasing power, but they are not alone. And a family with an income of 1500 and 2000 euros is finding it difficult to make ends meet. It is difficult to make ends meet because the inelastic needs now cover a very large proportion of the family budget. So we are saying that this must and can change and we have a plan to give breath and perspective. This plan of course puts a limit on the profitability of a few and powerful people who have seen at the same time that households are struggling to make their monthly earnings, they have seen their earnings egg on the face of the table and have a twenty-year record. 15 listed companies on the Athens Stock Exchange had profits of over a billion each. and you see all this you know. These strange, famous coupons given to citizens, the pass. We have a pass everywhere. Pass to go to the supermarket. Pass to go to the gas station. Pass to pay for electricity. Everywhere I hear a pass. But you don't go. You don't go anywhere with a pass. So these are the reality, this trick, this mechanism. It's a mechanism of income redistribution.  

What exactly is going on? Mr. Mitsotakis' government is one of the few governments in the European Union that is keeping indirect taxes high when inflation has gone up. It has approached and exceeded 10%, and especially on consumer food products it has remained above 10% for months. Even now at 14%. What does "keeping VAT and indirect taxes high with such inflation" mean? It means that where the state used to take, when the prices of goods, a product made 10 €, it took 24. Now that it had gone to 20 euros, it will get 48. An increase of 4 and a half billion in the public coffers by maintaining at these high prices the value added tax. Four and a half billion in state obscenity. And what does that money do? They are supposedly giving subsidies, but the subsidies do not go into the pockets of the citizens, they go to pay the bills and keep these gentlemen's prices high in supermarkets and petrol stations and electricity. So in reality they are plundering consumers' money from the high VAT, mainly the middle classes and the weak, that is to say the vast majority, so that this money can go into the pockets of 5 large energy companies, 2-3 refineries and, of course, all the business groups that have set up cartels in the food sector. This is the picture in Greek society today.  

And what are my friends preparing to happen in the next few months for the middle class? What are they preparing to happen to the middle class next? What's coming is a great tsunami of foreclosures. First home foreclosures. 4,200,000 Greeks. Almost half of the Greeks, half of Greece, have debts, red debts, bad debts to banks, to funds, to social security funds and to the tax authorities. Half of Greece is in debt. Mr Mitsotakis received the public debt at 356 billion from the Syriza government, took it up to 400 billion, raised it to 50 billion, and the private debt? He raised it by 40 billion. And the current account balance, i.e. exports, imports, the deficit increased tenfold. This is not the picture they want to give us of the economy that they present too many times in the media. The critical thing is the picture of the real economy. what does that mean? The picture of our pocketbooks. You know it, you are experiencing it, we are all, most of us, a large majority, going through great economic hardship. So the question is how to give perspective, breath, support to the real economy, to people, to society; that is the big issue.

And the question is: is there a perspective; is there a possibility; is there a plan? Is there a solution? We say yes, there is, with a government that is concerned about the ordinary everyday citizen and not the cartels, not the big interests, not the few and powerful. So this government will fall. A few days left. We will have a great victory of the people and they will be rubbing their eyes on the night of May 21.

So this government has deceived the vast majority; it has deceived the middle class, it has deceived pensioners, it has deceived wage earners, it has deceived and targeted, not just deceived, the workers and the young people.

To pensioners. They've got a better outlook for better pensions, don't they? Remember? They accused us when we were fighting the battle with the cattle and they were shouting "Stop it, Schäuble, stop it, Geroun" and they accused us of giving the pensions that they wanted to cut by 30% but we did it, they said, in order to exchange the pensions for Macedonia. Isn't that what they were saying? Without shame. Without shame, they said that.  

But we are proud that we stood up and brought about an agreement for the benefit of the Greek people at the time and, above all, for the benefit of our national interests. Because today in our northern neighbours, in North Macedonia, Turkish F16s are not flying, Greek F16s are flying and guarding the airspace. Because we do not have a Libya on our northern border and we are not being pressured, as we would have been if we had not come to an agreement to have Scandinavian countries join NATO, as even Sweden now wants, with their constitutional name.  

But those who then pretended to be super-patriots and complained about our foreign policy, which upgraded the country, where are they today when Turkey is campaigning all over Europe for its tourism, calling it Turkish-Aegean? Turkaegean. So where are these super patriots today? Where are they to defend our soul, our name, our Aegean? Where are they? They are nowhere. And they are nowhere because they had presented themselves as excellent, but rather forgot to put an X between the words. They're not excellent, they're useless. Because only useless people could hand over the name of the Aegean to Turkey to run an advertising campaign for tourism.

But you know, when you get to the point of seeing images and learning news like we've seen in the last few days. That the only doctor in Serifos resigned, that a pregnant woman in Corfu lost her child because a super puma plane was not available in Corfu, on a large island, to take her to the university hospital in Ioannina. And that in Kastelorizo the day before yesterday, a young girl was taken to Antalya and not to Rhodes because there was no super puma. We should be happy about the Rafale. We should be happy about it, but if we don't have the ability to protect our islanders, we don't have doctors, we don't have hospitals, we don't have air ambulances. That is our national duty, to protect the integrity of our country, of course, but to protect our citizens, our islanders, so that they do not feel that they are second-class citizens.  

I am on an island where I know very well that you experience injustice not only within the social fabric, but also in relation to your geographical location. Geographical inequalities within social inequalities and geographical inequalities are a very important issue and I was reading the data, the official ELSTAT data, which said that the North Aegean region, where your island belongs, is 13th out of 13 regions in terms of per capita income. You have the lowest per capita income. Greece has the lowest, together with Bulgaria and rivaling Romania, per capita income in terms of purchasing power in the whole European Union. So what exactly happened during these years, the memorandum years? Greece, which was at 77% of the eurozone average, has gone from under 60 to 59%. A number of countries have passed us by, we are competing with the countries of Eastern Europe in terms of per capita income, that is, in terms of wages, the income of citizens, their purchasing power. That is why it is not the same to have precision in Greece with low wages, with low incomes, and to have the same prices in the supermarket as a citizen in France, as a citizen in Germany, because there the wage can be afforded. Here the wage cannot be affordable.  

So if we have to have a national goal in the next few years, that national goal should be, not to stay in Europe. We solved that when some people wanted to kick us out, like Schäuble. Now our goal must be to become Europe. In the next few years Greece should become a normal European country again, and a normal European country means wages, income, affordable prices, a welfare state, a national health system. It means a country where the state respects the citizen; where the citizen does not see the state and understands that it is something hostile, which means that the state must stop being this party fiefdom, this anachronistic state.  

The state we saw in the tragedy of Tempe. This state. Getting on a train and not knowing whether you will reach your destination, because some people made a buffet to put in a stationmaster, who was untrained, who had no previous experience, because some people wanted to privatise even critical services, the railway infrastructure, and of course they were undeterred a few days after this party tragedy, this tragedy which they tried to manage in a communicative way, with shows, with ministers going to some antiquated consoles and want to convince us that this is supposedly telecommunications, because there was a fire in the summer of 19 and destroyed the telecommunications in Larissa and none of them thought about the need to restore it. And instead of making an apology? They put on a show. In front of the cameras. That's them, the ministers. So instead of apologising, what did they do a few days later?

They went to Parliament to bring a bill for the privatization of water, for a regulatory authority to be privatized and the water is neither sacred nor sacred. So we say. There are certain values that have to do with people's lives that are above profits. Energy, water, health, education, cannot be a commodity. The state must enable, the state must ensure the basic necessities of human life.  

And since I see young people here, I want to say a few words about the targeting of the younger generation by the Mitsotakis government. You will remember during the pandemic period, in this country they had an individual responsibility. We had 10 million individual responsibilities, only he himself was not responsible; he was putting tough measures in place, he even wagged his finger at us and violated them himself. With bicycle rides, motocross, parties in Ikaria. But watch out especially for young people, he targeted them. He gave the impression, he wanted to spread the opinion that young people are irresponsible and they are responsible for the spread of the coronavirus. He is not responsible for the very negative results. You know, we were the worst of the worst in the whole western world in terms of deaths per million population. We even surpassed Bolsonaro's Brazil, why? Because our public hospitals are in this state of disrepair. And what was he saying then? That he didn't know that there was a study by Mr. Ciodra that said that anyone who is intubated outside the intensive care unit - the intensive care units has no hope of survival. And he was saying to the Greek people, you prove it to me. Unfortunately, 36 thousand deaths proved it. This heavy loss for our fellow citizens, but I come to the young people now again.  

I mean, he targeted them, beat them up in the squares, beat them up in the universities and fence them off from higher education. The first thing that Mrs Kerameos did was to introduce the Minimum Admission Base and kick 20,000 students out of public universities every year. So we are addressing everyone today, all those children who are fighting their own fight, while we are fighting our good fight. Their own fight for the national exams that they will be taking in a few days and they are at home preparing in a competitive environment and we wish them all and everyone good luck. We tell them one thing, that political change and a progressive coalition government on May 21 will enable one of the first legislative initiatives that we will take to be the abolition of this miserable, invincible minimum entry requirement. So those who are taking exams should know that in June there will be no more of Mrs Kerameos' cut-off. 20 thousand students will have - more students will have the opportunity to access higher education.

I want to say two words though, to say two words about the workers. I have just seen a shameful video circulating on the Internet, I do not know if you have seen it... a video of an employer in a company, with his employees, and with a look of cardinals, with a foreman, the Minister of Development, Mr Adonis Georgiades, next to them, blackmailing them, bullying them and terrorising them. He blackmails them, bullies them and terrorises them and says to them, I have told you worse another time and now I will tell you more gently. I am not a democrat. Be careful what you vote for. This is a picture that has now come out on the Internet because it was filmed but it is a common picture in workplaces. Mr Mitsotakis is intimidating, terrorising and blackmailing the workers who he has put to work in a labour jungle, a galley. He abolished the 8-hour working day, the obligation to pay overtime and collective agreements, and now he wants to blackmail the workers into voting for his boss, New Democracy, by appointing unscrupulous employers.

I want to say to Mr Mitsotakis that it is a waste of time. The only way for them not to vote for anything other than New Democracy, not to support change, not to give a strong message at the ballot box by voting for SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance to change their lives. It's to deny them the ability to go to the polls. as it did for 250,000 seasonal workers that doesn't give them the ability to go to the polls. I see him moving very actively in the last few days, shutting out anything to his right in case he loses votes from the right. We want to bring him back to reality. No matter what he does, people have figured out these four years have been four wasted years for working people, for working people, for creative people, for young people, for small and middle class people. The many want change, no matter how much he blackmails, no matter how much he terrorizes, at the ballot box he will get an answer. So much for terrorism, so much for blackmail, so much for family rule, so much for obscenity, so much for the labour jungle, so much for injustice, on 21 May justice returns to this land.

So we say, we now know and we can. We know, because we governed in the most difficult conditions and we achieved what 3 consecutive governments failed to do and we learned from our mistakes. We look from experience and knowledge, it is true. As it is not only that we "know". We know how to do it and what to do, it is also that we can do it now, because this is not the second chance, but the first chance to govern by implementing our program. No coercion, no memoranda, no problem. We governed with the obligation, the national obligation, to clean up the public finances in order to get out of the memoranda, to get the country back on the markets, and we regulated the debt and collected 37 billion. They found what was ready and ate from what was ready and not only did they not have the obligation to collect because we collected it, but they were able, because of the pandemic, to spend 60. And I ask you if we, instead of having the obligation to collect 40, had the opportunity to spend 60.  Would our hospitals be like this today? Would our schools be like this today? Without teachers? Would this be the kind of state we'd have? Wouldn't we be supporting the weak, the small and medium sized businesses wouldn't have funding? You know it wouldn't be like that.  

So that is why we say that this is the first opportunity under normal conditions to implement a government of progressive cooperation, a programme of breathing space, social support and economic recovery, a programme of real change, and this is the plan that we presented yesterday. We have made it public. Four things, they say. So that you can tell your fellow citizens, the people of Chios here, what will SYRIZA do in a government of progressive cooperation? Four basic things: wage increases, price reductions, debt regulation and a fair and efficient state. This is what SYRIZA will bring.

Increase wages by legislating from day one the minimum wage at 880 euros plus the automatic indexation on an annual basis, increase wages in the public sector because civil servants have not received a 10% increase for 14 years, thawing the triennials because it is only the minimum wage, and all the grades that must finally see increases and face this torrent of unemployment.

Restoration of the thirteenth pension that Mr Mitsotakis abolished, saying it was peanuts. He has not given it for four years, at a cost of 4.5 billion to pensioners. Payment of retroactive payments to all beneficiaries. The retroactive payments that were taken away, decided by the Council of State for Samaras' illegal cuts in pensions and supplementary pensions, two and a half billion was not given by Mitsotakis. Two and a half and four and a half, 7 billion he took away from pensioners and from 1 July he also distributed to those who have a personal difference of increases, 7.5 %. These are our commitments for increases in citizens' income.

The reduction and price containment can be achieved by immediately reducing VAT to 6% for food products, even to zero VAT we can go to zero VAT with some necessities of life, immediate necessities, as was done in Spain. And of course, by reducing the Special Consumption Tax to the lowest permissible levels provided for by the EU and abolishing the payment of the Special Consumption Tax for farmers and livestock farmers. Because in this country, farmers and livestock farmers are obliged to pay the excise duty. Others are not entitled to it. There must be justice and, in particular, we must support the weak, those in need.

Debt settlement. With the plan that we presented and has the signature of a politician who was identified with the protection of the first home in all the difficult years of the memoranda, Lucas Katseli. A plan that aims to make the regulations compulsory, to put operating rules on the funds and to move towards viable regulations. Because our aim now is not just to protect the weak, but also the middle classes, those who, with viable regulations, can save their homes, their business premises, their farmland, the middle class, in other words. And of course a fair, effective welfare state.  

Why can we? We can, because we were not born princes with the sole family purpose of maintaining power as a family privilege. We do not believe that this state belongs to us, any more than we believe that this country belongs to us. The state belongs to the one it should serve, the Greek people. It is the sole owner. That is why we are the only ones who can change this state.

I want to close by saying a few words about Chios. I would like to say a few words about Chios as well. I said before that it is... Chios has injustice within injustice, right? and the North Aegean. In a country that is unjust in the whole of Europe, your region is the most unjust in the Greek territory. It has the lowest per capita income of the 13 regions. But I want to say that we can do things that are important for your country. You will also remember that it was we who decided on something that had been stagnating for many years. The airport. The airport that became human. That became an important hub for tourism and for the development of the island.

I mean when we left in 2019. I don't want to claim that we had certainly managed to solve the big problems in health care. But we had, in adverse circumstances, supported public hospitals, we had put two and a half million uninsured people into public health, we had abolished the five-pound fee for outpatient admission. We raised the budgets of hospitals that could not even afford to buy gauze during the difficult years of the memorandum and we built 128 new local health units, because we believe in primary health care. So leaving. Here the Health Centre had 8 doctors in 19, today it has how many? So if we don't support the region, if we don't support our islands and especially if we don't support public infrastructure, health infrastructure, we can't talk about justice.  

We have applied for all islands and for your island. One, a major reform, a vision of decades, the transport equivalent. The transport equivalent has been gnawed, gnawed and discredited. They don't give the payments, they devalued it because they took out important categories. We believe in the transport equivalent. And we say that not only will we implement it properly, not only will we give the payments on time, but we will extend it for students who are in school, on the islands where they have schools, and for visitors, to increase island tourism, giving a boost to island Greece and showing that our islanders are not second-class citizens.

A second big vision next to the transport equivalent is the health equivalent. To create the conditions where the state will stand by the islander and the health care and health needs of the island. A citizen living on an island, especially nowadays, with the development of technology, with the development of transport possibilities, cannot feel like a second-class citizen. The state must therefore provide those possibilities of support, both financial support and health structures, of covering the needs for transport to hospitals, to the nearest hospitals, if necessary, to all citizens who live on the islands. This is the second great vision, being the health equivalent next to the transport equivalent.

We will support the merchant navy academies. Which you also have here in Chios and Oinousses and the New Democracy government, as in everything, wants to give a window to the private sector.
We believe that they should be strengthened in terms of staff, in terms of training personnel and that they should be an important support for society.

We will support the mastic producers. We will stand by the fishermen, the people...the people who were destroyed when they decided overnight to evict (?) (?) (?)

We will support the farming and livestock sector. Your place has significant productive potential, significant productive advantages. We can support it and we can create a society that has prospects. It will have a future. Not only from tourism, but also from primary production and from processing that can provide quality food products to the tourists who come to enjoy the beauty of your island.

So I say in closing, citizens of Chios, in this very warm welcome you have given me today, that on May 21 we have a great dilemma before us. The great dilemma before us is whether the country will continue for another four years on this path of devaluation and deception, of plundering income, of widening inequalities. Whether we will take the big and decisive step of change to put society back on its feet, to give a voice to those without a voice, to empower the working and middle classes. And this dilemma, which I said very descriptively, is summed up in this sentence. So we believe that the vast overwhelming majority of citizens have decided: change. And a progressive, cooperative government that will put society and the economy back on its feet.  

Elections with proportional representation are not elections with a loose vote. Simple proportional representation elections were our vision to have fairness in voting as well. Whatever the citizen votes for should be reflected in Parliament. We were told by some that they had self-reliant governments, but minority governments. No government had more than 50%, they were all minority governments. They called them self-reliant. Many of them were also very arrogant and led us into bankruptcy. So now we have the opportunity for this great change in the way we govern. But be careful. Simple proportional representation and parity of vote does not mean a loose vote because this election will produce a government. Remember that. So let's keep that in mind. A loose vote means Mitsotakis. It means obscenity means injustice, it means perpetuating the great inequalities of this drama that we have lived through for four years. So we have to keep in mind, especially young people, young children, 17 to 22, 17 to 21. Those who did not vote in the last election are over 450,000. Keep in mind that the strongest protest vote is the one that will hurt the system, it is the one that will hurt the establishment. It is the vote that will make the Mitsotakis regime defeated. And things are simple. The defeat of Mitsotakis and New Democracy means the victory of Syriza.

So let's go with determination for a great victory on May 21. Let's go to the ballot box. Two by two. Three-three. Let's get the Chianti mentality. Let's go cast the vote, the ballot of change for a better day, for a better life for the place. It is certain after what I see here in Chios today that change will be made on May 21. Bless you! Thank you very much for your welcome, for your presence. Good luck and good luck and good luck with the victory! Goodbye!