Good morning, Blue Achaia. Let's all come together this Sunday to achieve even higher rates for New Democracy throughout Greece, and especially here in Achaia. Do you remember when I came here before the May 21 elections and we spoke at this beautiful gathering? We made a bet together to achieve what some people thought was impossible - to make Achaia and the municipality of Patras blue. We succeeded, except for a corner of Achaia, Mr. Regional Governor - if I am not mistaken - by a few hundred votes. Let's make a bet together in these polls next Sunday to increase our percentage even more, so that on June 26th, we can roll up our sleeves and work for a Greece of progress and pride.

You know, I have been to Patras many times since 2004, when I was first elected as a Member of Parliament. I remember then - and my brotherly friend Michael Bekiris is here - I was at Vassilis' christening. No matter how many times I have been there, I have never, ever encountered this atmosphere for New Democracy. I want to say a big, special thank you, but what we achieved, friends, was not by chance. Nor was it simply the result of a very good election campaign, which we conducted together four weeks before the elections on May 21. I firmly believe that this ballot box has closed a circle for our country, closed a circle of division, closed a circle of blackness. And a circle of unity and a circle of optimism has opened for New Democracy, strong for the homeland, strong for the Greece we really want, the Greece we can achieve.

But I am here to give you a simple message: the work is not over. On the morning of June 25th, the polls will be empty. At the end of the day, they should be filled with millions of New Democracy ballots. This is our mission and we will achieve it. We will accomplish it so that we can continue this important work that we started four years ago. When going through very great difficulties and unprecedented crises, we managed to keep the ship of the country safe. Above all, we managed to put Greece on a path of development and excellence.

This four-year journey was rewarded by the citizens, and they merged into New Democracy. Citizens who had not supported us in the past came and rewarded us for what we achieved. However, they asked us for one more thing. In the mandate which they gave us, they told us to "run faster to make the great changes our country needs. Keep going, keep going, keep Greece on a growth track. Continue to support, first and foremost, the weakest in our society. Put the emphasis on wages."

It is no coincidence, friends, that my commitment for the next four years is to prioritize better wages for every Greek, with a minimum wage of 950 euros and an average wage of 1,500 euros. We can achieve these goals because we know that better wages come with increased investment and making our country a growth engine in the region once again.

And you, Mr. Regional Governor, especially in Patras, Western Greece, are well aware of your country's important growth potential. Together, we will be able to implement it. I want Patras to be the protagonist of growth in the next decade, with many well-paid jobs and important infrastructure projects that we have already discussed and are being launched. Finally, with the completion of the road - Karmaniola - connecting Pyrgos with Patras. The project, as I have committed to you, is already being implemented and will be ready in two years.

As well as a series of major development investments, the most important of which is the full road connection between the port of Patras and Athens, with the undergrounding of more than five kilometres of the railway network, and a series of major projects that will enhance the port, boost the university and turn Patras into an outward-looking gateway for our country to the whole of Western Europe. You deserve nothing less, that is the goal we must set and we can achieve it.

Since we have the UNNEDites from our university here, I would like to extend a special thank you to our youth. Let me reiterate how much importance I place on public education, supporting our universities, and creating outward-looking institutions that are ultimately connected to the labor market. Universities should be places where libraries, not sledgehammers, dominate. We want universities to be centers of knowledge, excellence, and freedom of expression, not havens for lawlessness and delinquency, as some may imagine.

But, friends, let me tell you about another important priority of the second four-year term, and that is the support of the National Health System. I am tired of responding to the fake news of the opposition that claims that the intention of the New Democracy is to privatize the NHS. We tell them clearly: we will build the new public National Health System, which will provide quality healthcare to every Greek. We will hire 10,000 doctors and nurses over the next four years. We will rebuild the emergency departments in our major hospitals. We will support our health centers. We will emphasize primary care, the Personal Doctor, and screening; we will work with the private sector where necessary, but providing - and I stress this - free health services to all our insured citizens. Because that is what our tradition demands.

We are the great, broad, popular party of this country. We are a party that first and foremost always stands close to our weakest fellow citizens. And we will continue to apply this policy in the next four years.

As we implement a policy that will continue to strengthen the country's defense, protect our sovereignty and sovereign rights, and highlight the role of our country as a pillar of stability throughout the Eastern Mediterranean, some may be annoyed - both inside and outside Greece - that our country is equipping and strengthening our Armed Forces. To them, I say: sorry for your annoyance, but this policy will continue under the next government of New Democracy. In 2028, God willing, we will receive the first state-of-the-art F-35 aircraft, which will find their permanent home in Andravida, here in your region. Greece will continue to protect its borders, which are also the borders of the European Union.

We were all shocked, friends, by the tragic shipwreck that took place off Pylos. But I believe we were also all angered by the fact that the only concern of some today seems to be blaming our Coast Guard, rather than highlighting the role of the wretched traffickers. All those who take advantage of human suffering and put persecuted people on board dinghies to take them on an extremely dangerous journey that should never have started in the first place.

We, friends, have been pursuing a strict but fair policy on refugees for four years now. In 2019, I told you that I would drastically reduce the migratory flows affecting the East Aegean islands, and we have kept this commitment. This policy, apart from its national security dimension, is also profoundly humanitarian. Do you know why? The fewer boats that sail in the Aegean and the Mediterranean, the less chance there is of a catastrophic shipwreck like the one we experienced in the last few days. Essentially, through our policy, we have crushed the traffickers. And we will continue this policy for the next four years if the Greek people trust us. We will protect our borders, and the Coast Guard will always be there to save human lives. It has saved thousands of persecuted people stranded at sea.

But at the same time, we will also fight in the European Union for more European solidarity so that the countries of first reception do not bear the burden alone of a problem that ultimately concerns the whole of Europe and not only countries like Greece and Italy.

These policies are the real issue of the next elections: whether we will continue on this course that we have been on for four years and whether we will finally have a stable and strong government after the elections, which will be able to implement the major changes that the country needs.

I hear "we will have Mitsotakis as Prime Minister", because that is what the sovereign Greek people will ultimately choose. The latest narrative of a faltering opposition is this: "Don't vote", it says, "New Democracy, because we don't want Mitsotakis authoritarian and all-powerful". I reply that only the sovereign Greek people are all-powerful, and it is they who ultimately determine the parliamentary balance in the next Parliament.

But let me also tell you something that I feel - and it comes from my heart. I know very well that a high percentage means a great responsibility for me personally. The higher the percentage of New Democracy - and yes, we will achieve an even higher percentage in the June 25th elections - the heavier the responsibility for me and the entire leadership team of New Democracy to rise to the occasion.

The citizens are setting the bar high for us. They give us the power to make big changes happen. Here in Patras, I assure them that we will rise to the occasion and lead the country steadily, boldly, forward, to put our program into practice. Four years from now, Greece will be a different country, a much better country than it is in 2023. Just as Greece in 2023 is already a much better country than Greece in 2019.

So I want to ask you to join me in this last great effort. To all of our officers, I say to you that we must not let any potential vote go to waste. We must find our fellow citizens who did not even choose us at the ballot box on May 21 - some may have chosen other parties to our left, some may have chosen minor parties to our right - and explain to them that their vote matters a great deal.

If there is one thing I will agree with Alexis Tsipras on, it is that in this election, yes, we are voting for our lives. We are voting for better wages, better education, better healthcare, and a safer Greece. We are voting for a government that, if it has to manage a crisis, knows where it stands and how to respond to any contingency. We are voting for all of these things.

It is for you, your children, your grandchildren, and our pensioners that we vote for better pensions, and we certainly do not forget. Do we? We do not forget those who imposed personal differentials on us, crushed our pensions, and now suddenly appear to be champions of pensioners.

So that is what we will vote on. On Friday evening, sometime after our final speech in Athens, the campaign lights will go out. I will go home, spend a day with my family, and on Sunday, June 25th, for one day, the responsibility passes to all of you. The responsibility passes to all of you; that is the beauty of democracy. It is you who ultimately choose who should govern the country for the next four years. I have great confidence in the judgment of the Greek people and I am sure that I will be back here in Patras as the elected Prime Minister of our country, so that we can continue together on this beautiful journey that we have started. Be well, thank you very much, have a good race and with victory. And here again, winners for the Western Greece that we deserve, for the Patras that we deserve. Thank you very much. Good race.