My friends, on May 21, the citizens disapproved of SYRIZA because it proved to be an ineffective government that betrayed the expectations of the Greek people. It said many things that it knew could not be done just for the sake of chairs and power. It spoke of seismic change and turned billions of red loans of borrowers into unconditional and unconditional surrender to the funds that are currently blackmailing the Greek people. They played with the institutions, they attacked the independent authorities, but the citizens... Crete will once again become the castle of the Democratic Party. We have a duty to give it a political color that matches the green of hope, the green of PASOK. However, the citizens disapproved of Mr. Tsipras because he was also an ineffective opposition, because he left Mr. Mitsotakis free to implement his policies. Because he only knew how to engage in toxic confrontation without political substance. He did not hesitate to cancel the values of the left, and I emphasize this, the values of the left that we have historically honored because we are the party of the center-left, the modern center-left. He did not hesitate to disdain the struggles of many years of the Left when, out of desperation, just before the last national elections, he called on the allegedly misguided Chrysaygians to vote for Syriza. It will follow him forever. Thus, he bluntly revealed why he did not vote for the amendment that prevented the killers of Pavlos Fyssas from participating in our democratic constitution that we voted for because democracy is above all, not votes. But it also has a slogan and says justice everywhere. What does it mean by justice everywhere, while for the people, the ordinary citizen? Because if Mr. Pappas, who was convicted 13-0 by the Special Court, believed that, it would not be heads on his head, but it would be in his house. This is not justice; this is mockery. Mr. Tsipras, here from Democratic Heraklion, I have only one thing to say to you: you have managed to make New Democracy powerful for no reason at all. And this will not be forgiven by the progressive democratic people of the country. Because you proved to be Mitsotakis' golden sponsor. So this is why it is a daily struggle for New Democracy to find its real opponent. PASOK, our movement, the power against maintenance and anarchocracy.