Young Democrats of Volos, colleagues from Magnesia and Thessaly, Onnedites and Onnedites, Dapites and Dapites, Mr.Regional Governor, Mr.Mayor, friends, thank you from the bottom of my heart for this impressive reception. You are raising high the flags of victory, the great victory that is coming on May 21, next Sunday; and many congratulations to our GOP for once again winning the student elections. And I am happy because I see here in Volos all generations of the party. The veterans of the party, the old colleagues, with whom we fought hard and were close to the party in good times and in difficult times.But I also see next to us many new faces, who are joining the great blue wave that is spreading today throughout the country and which will bring in exactly 10 days from now the great victory, the second governmental term of the New Democracy.

You, friends, will give us this mandate. The mandate to change Greece once and for all, because some people who are here today, in Thessaly, a little further away in Larissa, are dreaming of power again, threatening us that "the second time will be different". Well, it will indeed be different, because everything is already different and it is certainly better than in the past. And let them come here from Volos to see that Magnesia, Greece, Thessaly, will say no a second time to disaster, giving with your vote a second strong mandate for progress.

Friends, some people say that these elections are crucial. Wrong, they are the most crucial elections in recent years. Because they find us at a crossroads of choice.  Not between two parties that will rule for four years, but between two worlds that will determine the national course for a decade, either by continuing on the path of certainty and progress or by risking new adventures.We have learned well and truly that governance - we who have been tested in the throes of power this four years - is not an exercise in ideology, but in the successful management of circumstance. And think of how many crises we have gone through and overcome since 2019; in early 2020 we received and dealt with the migrant invasion in Evros and protected our borders. Then we had to deal with the worst pandemic of the last century, then a war on our continent, then a global price explosion. We constantly had to face national threats.

But be careful, I'm not talking here about obstacles that could have been foreseen. Because unlike the crisis of 2015, which was created by the same people who now claim that they got us out of the memoranda, after they had put us in them first with their experiments for six months, all the crises that we were called upon to manage broke out far away from Greece. And yet we overcame them. We overcame them together. When other countries are still struggling to make up for the losses of those attacks, our Greece, our homeland not only gained the lost ground but made leaps and bounds. Two side-by-side pictures are enough: the Greece of 2023 is nothing like the Greece of 2019.

In 2019, when I first asked you to trust me, to trust us to govern the country, I stood up to you and promised you some very specific things. Lower taxes and more investment and jobs, income support and protection for the most vulnerable, a state that is friendly and digital at home, but reliable and proud abroad, with tidy finances, where benefits will always go hand in hand with the strengths of the economy, without the immigration scourge and with an armoured defence.That is what I committed to, friends, four years ago. And I ask you: have we delivered on all our election commitments? The answer is yes. We said and did them, despite great difficulties.

And where are we today? Where are we today? We are paying fifty less taxes and lower contributions. From your shoulders, from the shoulders of the Greeks, a tax burden of seven billion euros has been removed. ENFIA has been reduced, not by 30% as we said, but by 35%. And from now on it will be reduced by a further 10% for all houses insured against natural disastersThe tax rate has been reduced from 22% to 9%. The solidarity contribution was abolished across the board. The tax on farmers was reduced to 50% for cooperatives. While parents can finally transfer their property to their children for free.But that's not all we did. We spent more than 55 billion, 57 billion to be precise, to deal with the imported crises of pandemic and energy costs, supporting the economy, society and work. At the same time, however, we have stimulated growth through well thought-out choices, we have reduced unemployment through investment, so this new wealth has finally returned to the citizen in the form of permanent increases.

We talk a lot about the imported price crisis. You see that things are gradually getting better in inflation as well. But when I am asked about inflation I say: look, inflation will come down at some point, but the wage increases and the tax cuts are permanent, they are here to stay, and so are the 300,000 jobs we have created. Just as permanent is the increase in the minimum wage from 650 to 780 euros; perhaps many of you do not remember, our commitment was to reach 730 euros. We went beyond that and went to EUR 780, because that is how we had to support the income of low-paid workers in the face of imported precision.

And a mention, I owe it to you, a mention for our pensioners. For the first time you have seen increases of almost 8% in 12 years. I committed to you that pensions would start to increase, and indeed they have started to increase. And because not everyone has seen the increases, because there is also the stigma of the Katrougalos personal difference, I pledged and I pledge that we will continue to support pensioners who have a personal difference until it is erased year after year.

And all this means that, ultimately, the average income is growing. In an economy that is growing. And it is growing much faster than the European average.Yes, in four years, look what we have achieved. We took over an economy that was growing at a quarter, look, a quarter of the European average. This is the economy that we took over. Today, the Greek economy is growing at twice the rate of the eurozone. This is the success of our economic policy. That is why the international rating agencies upgraded us 12 times, so that we reached investment grade. And this is a very important development, because it will allow the state, businesses and households to borrow on favourable terms. Investment grade, ladies and gentlemen, is not some neutral economic term that only concerns specialists. It is an engine of growth that increases the productivity and competitiveness of the country. In an environment of rising interest rates, it is important that we can borrow at the lowest possible borrowing costs.But beware, we will get the investment grade on one condition: that tomorrow we have a stable, reformist New Democracy government. And if that happens, yes, I guarantee you, we will get the investment grade before the end of the year.

Allies of our great party, just as a developed economy cannot progress without cohesion in society - we have proved this in practice - so prosperity cannot come about without freedom and national sovereignty. That is why, in the same period, in this four-year period, the country has gone from being a centre for passing immigrants to a homeland with borders on land, air and sea; and after years of strengthening our Armed Forces. Active diplomacy has upgraded Greece's international standing. Tomorrow I will have the opportunity to leave here from Magnesia and go to the islands of the north-eastern Aegean, to visit Lesvos and there to see for myself that the refugee problem is now definitely a thing of the past. We have practically zeroed the flow of illegal immigrants; we have relieved our islands, we have abolished the "fortress" of Moria. It no longer exists; it is being replaced by a modern structure. National and European borders are guarded. We have succeeded at European level, for the first time, in getting the European Union to recognise that the focus of European immigration policy must be on guarding the external borders. And as much as this may upset some people, I will remind them: the Evros fence extends across the entire border.

For the armouring of our defences, you already know the answer. I have a personal love for our Air Force. I had the great pleasure of serving here in 111 AM all my military service, in what was then one of the first two F-16 squadrons, 346, which has now been renamed 347, and I knew from the moment I came on the job that there was a significant imbalance in the air, and look, four years ago Turkey was ready to take delivery of the first of the 100 F-35s it had ordered. Where are we today, just three and a half years later? Greece has already acquired 24 state-of-the-art Rafale fighters. Our F-16s are being upgraded to a Viper version and from 2028 we will add to our air force the most modern 5th generation aircraft, the F-35.

When - note, there is a value to this - Mr Tsipras was asked yesterday in the debate, "What are you going to do with the F-35?", he did not answer. As he chewed his cud, what will he do about the contract to build three new Belharra frigates, the first of which will be delivered in 2025. And we will soon have new corvettes and new armoured vessels, alongside our reborn shipbuilding industry, our reborn defence industry. Look, for us, for the party of Constantine Karamanlis, national defense is the ultimate end in itself.And to come a little closer here again to your parts, soon the Marines of the 32nd Brigade, which is based here, will also acquire new amphibious vehicles. Yes, we are well aware that the men and women in uniform who wear the national emblem remain our great strength, and that is why the state is making sure to support them as much as it can by improving their pay and benefits.

But there is another side of our shield and that is Greek diplomacy. The one that has achieved strategic defence agreements with France and the United States that have strengthened the country's diplomatic position. It is the one that extended our territorial waters to 12 miles in the Ionian Sea. It is the one that established maritime zones with Italy and Egypt, so that our national voice, the voice of our country, is now heard loudly everywhere, from the American Congress and Brussels to the Arab world.

And all of this at a time when large, medium and small projects, Mr. Regional Governor, Mr. Mayor, are progressing everywhere. The Metro in Athens, the largest project currently under construction in the country, the Metro in Thessaloniki. I will be in Thessaloniki next week, visiting the Metro, which will be delivered to the people of Thessaloniki in early 2024. As we had committed: both Metro and ancient, the most modern Metro in the country, but you see it around you, the country is basically turning into a big construction site. Patras-Pyrgos in the Peloponnese, the BOAK in Crete, the vertical axes of the Egnatia, the E65, which is so important for Thessaly, a road that would never have been completed, is becoming a reality as a result of the will of this Government.And this is the image of Greece that is changing, because Volos is changing, Magnesia is changing, Thessaly is changing. You remember, a few weeks ago we were here again to present 370 projects worth 4.3 billion in Larissa as part of our development plan for Thessaly of the future, for 2030. For the Thessaly you deserve; for our youth, new student halls of residence to house students in Volos. The court mansions, Mr. Mayor, in Volos, Karditsa and Trikala, the new bicycle path, the very important Museum of Argo which will start and will be built here in Volos, the renovation of the Municipal Theatre. We gave a solution to the issue of the municipal water supply and sewerage company of Volos, with debts that had been created by scandals of the past.And I know that there are two more issues that are very relevant to your city, which I am absolutely convinced that in a spirit of cooperation we will be able to deal with them: the issue of relocating the fire brigade from the city centre and the issue of re-drawing the land area of the harbour, so that the pending issue of the coastal park of Agios Konstantinos can finally be resolved.Volos is becoming a dynamic development city with a port which can become a new gateway for our city, to compete with the ports of Athens and Thessaloniki. A city which has such a dynamic history in both manufacturing and trade will once again find its rightful place on the development map of the country.

But I would also like to add the renovation of the emergency departments in the Volos hospital. The renovation of the health centres in Velestino and Almyros. And all these interventions - I will come back to the importance I attach to public health - reflect our choice: Volos to become a strategic economic hub for the whole country.

For a country that is becoming, look, a transit centre for products, for energy.Our ports, let alone ports that have such a strategic position as the port of Volos, have in our minds a huge strategic importance for development.And on the other hand, I would like to talk a little about our government's work in critical areas of the welfare state such as education, health and the public sector, areas which are called upon to become priority axes for the second four-year term.Because I believe that we have had a number of successes over the past four years. But we have also had weaknesses. The economy has done well, there have been tax cuts, there have been tax increases. But I know very well, I have no illusions, in our country wages are still low and are being gnawed away by imported precision.

For our health workers who are with us, I know very well the fight they put up and the NHS held up during the pandemic. Yes, we doubled the number of intensive care units. Mind you, today we have 107,000 employees in the National Health Service, we had 100,000 when we came into things. Today we are spending 5.2 billion on the NHS, SYRIZA was spending 3.9 billion. But I know very well that we still have staff shortages. Yes, there are cots, there are long delays, in operations, to get an appointment. These are things that we need to fix.

The same in the state. gov.gr was a great success, a major success of the government. It abolished the queues. And in the EFKA we proved that yes, when we want to, we can restructure troubled organisations. I am proud today to look pensioners in the eye and say to them: yes, your pension is finally coming out in three months at the latest and you don't have to wait two and three years to get your pension, for the state to do the obvious.But, we know, the tragedy in Tempe hurt us all and showed us that many things have to change. And it has made me even more determined to confront attitudes and logics that belong to the past and do not suit us as a country. That is why the steps we have taken must be taken in the second four years in leaps and bounds.

And that is why I want to share with you very soon my goals for Greece in 2027, which are encapsulated in this new programme of governance of New Democracy. Here you see only the summary of it, it is much more extensive, it is thoroughly costed. It will cost us 9 billion over four years, and all our proposals are set out in specific implementation timetables.And for me, the most important result of the relationship of trust that we have built over the years is precisely this: just as I told you what I would do four years ago and implemented it, so I can tell you with certainty that everything included in this programme can and will be implemented over the next four years.It is a visionary roadmap with five chapters. They describe the homeland we envision, the one described in as many words of its title. A productive, social, just, digital and green Greece. I always emphasise green, environmentally green, because Greece is blue and will be blue in the next elections and the map will be blue everywhere.

And certainly a strong Greece. Our first objective, if I had to isolate one objective from this whole analytical programme, is none other than better pay for all. We can achieve an average wage of EUR 1 500 over four years and a minimum wage of EUR 950. A new salary scale for civil servants from 1/1/2024, with support - I repeat - for families with children, because under-generation is the biggest problem we are facing in the country today and we must support families, working families. That is why we are increasing the family allowance for civil servants with one, two, three or four children, that is why we are increasing the tax-free allowance by EUR 1 000 for families with children.We will intervene from 2025 onwards in the presumption of living, we will reduce it by 30% on average, we will reduce insurance contributions and we will abolish the tax on business income over a period of four years, the last tax left over from the stone years of the memoranda. How are we going to achieve this? I am often asked, how will wages be increased? That is something that is determined by the private economy. I tell them, in one way: by investment and by reducing unemployment. I used to discuss this with the regional governor here, and here in Thessaly we used to say, 'Go get projects.

Now we have the reverse problem. We have so many projects and we now have difficulty in finding the companies that will carry out these projects. So wages are going up, with the reduction in unemployment, with the increase in the bargaining power of the worker, with a lot of private investment, which can increase by at least 70%, with more public investment, because we have supported the public investment programme with more European investment, with the region's MIP increased by 30% and with significant, I would like to emphasise this, additional resources from the Recovery Fund, which are finding their way into important projects that affect the daily lives of all of you.I was at the T So all the resources, national and European, are working together to ultimately improve your daily lives.

I remember Mr Tsipras telling us that he went to Brussels, remember, after the parody referendum and negotiated, he said, for 17 hours. And what did he bring us back? A third memorandum, which crushed the pensioners, crushed the middle class with additional taxes and cost us 100 billion.And I went to Brussels in July 2020, and I negotiated hard, not 17 hours, but 5 days. And what did I bring back? 31 billion euros for our country, through the Recovery Fund. Money, mind you, which not only has a developmental, but also a social footprint, because the social Greece of the next four years has two central priorities: health and education.

We cannot have patients suffering in corridors, waiting five, six, eight months for operations. From Recovery Fund resources we will upgrade emergency departments in 80 hospitals and completely upgrade 156 health centres and recruit 10 over four years.000 nurses and doctors, to solve once and for all the issues of the gaps we have in the National Health System.I want to reduce the waiting times for surgery, the waiting times for appointments, the waiting times for emergency rooms, but at the same time we need to upgrade primary care. The Personal Doctor has already begun to take root as an institution, preventive examinations - a concept completely unknown in our country - are a key component of our health plan.For the women who are with us - I often talk about this issue, because I really want to demonstrate with an example how important it is - I want to tell you that 1,300,000 thousand women between 50 and 69 years of age have the opportunity to have a free mammogram, either in a public or a private health centre.130.000 have already made use of this free state provision. We have identified more than 7,000 women with early breast cancer that they did not know they had. They detected it through screening tests organised by the state itself and now have a very good prognosis for their health. Because it is much better and much cheaper for the National Health System to prevent diseases early than to run to hospitals to treat them late.

Two words about our education. 25,000 hires and another 4,000 to be made this year of permanent staff for the first time in 12 years. And I'm always touched when I see our now permanent regular education staff bringing me their stories.  How they were substitutes and they went from city to city, island to island with absolutely no stability in their professional and personal lives. And how grateful they are now that they can offer their services to education through a permanent and stable position.There is a very important work being done in our schools, friends. From kindergartens now that teach foreign language, new curricula, free zones in our schools that teach interesting things to our children. And of course, another intervention funded by the Recovery Fund: we're going to have 36,000, watch out, interactive whiteboards in every classroom from grade 5 to grade 3, and for those of you who may not have seen how these interactive whiteboards work in practice, I went to a classroom where they were teaching history and physics with an interactive whiteboard. And you had to see the excitement in the eyes of both the kids and the teachers and the teachers for a completely different and experiential experience of what it really means today to make knowledge fun and playful, especially for the younger kids; the emphasis we place on Model and Experimental schools. We have doubled them and will increase them significantly. And of course the emphasis we are putting on our universities, on universities that will be centres of knowledge, that will be safe. We are with libraries, not sledgehammers. Violence and lawlessness have no place in our universities.But for our students who are here, I know how difficult the issue of housing is. Especially for our young kids. For the students who are asked to move city, we are the ones who increased the student rent allowance from 1,000 to 1,500 euros and under certain conditions to 2,000 euros. We will build almost 10,000 student halls of residence so that children can go to another city to study without any financial burden.

But, at the same time, to give an answer to the big problem that I keep encountering. Young children, young couples say to me, "we can't afford to buy a house, the rent is expensive, the very idea of owning a house is so far away that we can't imagine if we don't inherit a house from our parents how we're going to get out of rent".And we came up with the "My House" program and it's been hugely successful to date. Why? Young children, young couples can finally own a home and pay off a subsidized loan with a payment that would be much lower than the rent they would pay, only eventually the house will be theirs and they will own it. This is what housing policy with a social impact in practice means. And with many more interventions where we will need the cooperation of local government; social consideration. That's how much land the state has. On public land we will be able to build apartments, a part of which will be kept by developers, a part of which will be made available to young people. These are just some of the manifestations of our policy. We are immediately opening a new platform for young people who may have inherited from their parents an apartment that needs major repairs. Up to €30,000 for young people to be able to repair old apartments, to make them habitable again.

But I also want to talk a little bit about fair Greece, which is primarily aimed at the weakest. You know my sensitivity to people with disabilities. We were the ones who increased disability benefits, decoupled them from welfare benefits, and we are implementing the Personal Assistant, a flagship measure. In the first phase we opened the platform for the whole of Greece. 2,000 of our fellow citizens, people with severe disabilities, can now have a carer, a companion to accompany them in their personal and professional lives.This way, the state is becoming more social and more helpful, because we still have work to do in the public administration. I want you to know that I will never back down from one of my commitments: evaluation everywhere and for everyone. I repeat it: evaluation everywhere and for everyone, so that competent civil servants can be rewarded, can move up through the ranks more quickly, can have additional financial rewards.

A fair Greece also means faster justice. We have made important steps in this direction, but we know that the administration of justice is still delayed. We will strengthen it with resources and personnel, we must achieve - within a four-year horizon - that the time it takes for judgments to be handed down is now close to the European average and that the Greek courts offer absolute legal security to anyone who wants to invest in our country, as well as a guarantee to every citizen that Justice is ultimately the refuge of weak citizens and that they will be able to find justice there.

Two words about green Greece, which mirrors the energy independent Greece. In 2022, my friends, we paid seven billion euros for gas imports. Keep that number, seven billion euros. It is not only that it is expensive, it is that anyone can blackmail us. They can turn it on and off whenever they want, and we can then run around and not be able to meet our energy needs.That is why we are so insistent that we can and must achieve, by the end of the four years, 80% of our electricity generation from the sun, from the wind, from hydroelectricity. The Mesochora dam will be completed and will provide a significant help, with cheap hydroelectricity in our system.And of course, I want to stress how important all the energy upgrade programmes for households and businesses are. Today we opened the "Change Water Heater" program, with a tremendous response from citizens, why? Because these are all policies that ultimately reduce energy costs for households, businesses, farmers; we're going to have a lot more PV for farmers over the next four years. And of course, Mr. Regional Governor, we will complete the outstanding issues that we have with the waste management issues, the wastewater treatment centres, so that we really have a policy that protects the environment effectively.

Finally, two words about a strong Greece. I really regret that some people went to Brussels and asked the European Commission not to fund the Evros fence. I answer them: with or without European funds, the Evros fence will be completed; our Coast Guard will be strengthened. The arms programmes we are running will continue. Just as the exploration for our energy wealth will continue. This government, after ten and, years of inaction, was the first to do substantial exploration for natural gas southwest of Crete. And if there are serious indications that we have exploitable hydrocarbons, we will be the ones to go ahead and exploit them. Just as we have made Greece an energy hub, an important geopolitical player for the energy security of the Balkans.  All of this, friends, strengthens the geopolitical position of the country, makes us a strong player, a reliable player, a country with which everyone ultimately wants to talk, because they know how important we are for the security of the wider region.

Friends, people of Voliot, I have spoken briefly about our programme, insisting that I prefer to compare with our opponents rather than to clash. Yes, to compare what they and we have done in two different but consecutive four-year terms: 29 of their taxes, 17 pension cuts, against our 50 tax cuts, pension increases, pay increases.But let us remember that SYRIZA must also be judged for its stance in opposition. For those of us who have been in parliament during this four-year period, we remember very well that Syriza said "no" to everything and "yes" to nothing. No to the defence budget, no to tax cuts and new increases, no even to the rights of people with disabilities.

No, unfortunately, not even to the blocking of the return of the Golden Dawn cutthroats to the Parliament. And perhaps it is no coincidence that yesterday's call from prison to condemn, he says, Mitsotakis. Be careful, Mitsotakis, not some others. I am proud, friends, that the great democratic party of the country has put a brake on the murderers of Golden Dawn from participating in the elections. And we will not indulge them; our own coalition gives a measure of our own unity and isolates those who want to remain the sad exception, even on critical issues for the quality of our democracy.

And one may not believe their promises, but with over 80 billion that we estimate the SYRIZA program to cost, hollow words from the well-known money center would lead us, if ever implemented, either to new tax raids or to new memoranda. Nor, of course, do I believe that there is anyone who agrees that Greece lives in a dark world, in a dark environment as described in their advertising messages.

The same applies to their central slogan. Look out, "Justice everywhere". "Justice everywhere" we read on all SYRIZA posters. Everywhere except, of course, for Mr. Tsipras' inner circle and his associates, starting with the 13-0 convict in the Special Court, Nikos Pappas. "Justice everywhere" does not apply there. Justice for SYRIZA is only good when it makes decisions with which SYRIZA agrees. But it is not worth talking too much about yesterday, and I will not do so between now and the elections, when the stakes of tomorrow open up before us. These are the stakes that concern me.

And that is why I put as an absolute political priority the unlocking of the landmine called simple proportional representation, a trap that SYRIZA has left the country, essentially betting on ungovernability. It is a trap that today, as we approach the elections, is becoming increasingly threatening. With voices that want to make the euro "Executioners", with others talking about, what did they say? "These are views that Mr Tsipras does not exclude from a possible alliance tomorrow, at the same time that Mr Androulakis' PASOK does not want the Prime Minister to be the one who will be voted for by the citizens, but an "unknown X" whom he knows but does not tell us. He will announce him to us later along with some ministers.And in the midst of all this, some people are trying to baptize themselves as winners or losers. And to make a government of tolerance -consent - as they call it.

You must have seen it yesterday for those of you who watched the debate. They've been calling for a debate for so long, and the debate happened. To show what? That only New Democracy has a coherent proposal for the next day.Mr Tsipras admitted implicitly but clearly that he is planning new taxes, Mr Androulakis wants to cut benefits. They all spoke in words and not in numbers at all. The journalists asked them other questions, and they answered other questions, which is why there was silence when I asked for our programmes to be costed by a third independent body, either the General Accounting Office of the State, the Bank of Greece or the Fiscal Council.

And on the other hand, we have heard positions from us, one can agree or disagree, but here there is a coherent programme with a beginning, a middle and an end. On the other hand, a chaos with proposals of supposed cooperation, from ultimately incompatible partners, with creepy views ranging from currency change to nationalisation of enterprises.Look, I really cannot follow this dangerous Babel of opposition that speaks in incomprehensible languages. But I can see the precipice to which they are leading us.So I insist that in an uncertain international environment Greece needs more than ever before certainty, continuity and consistency. It needs a clear horizon in its course and a clear solution in its leadership.It needs neither experiments, nor adventurism, nor new shipwrecks. That is why next Sunday's ballot is so decisive. It is the one that will in practice prevent both ungovernability and paralysis from an incoherent partnership.

Don't forget, friends, in three days, on Sunday, we have elections in Turkey and the result of our ballot box will also be a message to the other side of the Aegean. Therefore, it must exude stability and solidity; at the same time, it must also declare our will: yes, that the Greeks in these difficult times want a strong and experienced hand at the helm of our country so that, as has been the case for four years now, the national ship can overcome turbulence and find calm waters, keeping its sails open in constant progress.The dilemma of the ballot box is therefore clear: do we go forward or do we go back? Do we want results or do we want to lie again? Do we want better wages and salaries or do we want taxes and cuts again? In short, do we want New Democracy with Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis or Syriza with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras? We weigh, decide and vote.

New Democrats, friends, on 21 May, yes, the citizens will finally choose the Prime Minister and the government they prefer. The stronger the strength of the former and the distance from the latter, the easier and more optimistic the next day will be. There is no room for frivolity in this election. Any mistake can annul our conquests and with them annul our tomorrow's claims. Mistakes, as you know, cannot be corrected once they are removed from the ballot box. Since every uncontested vote and every untimely so-called protest effectively leads to national weakness. The solution is another. You know it and you know it, and it is one: a self-reliant Greece and a self-reliant New Democracy. You know, the old divisions have faded in the light of experience. Progress and prosperity are blue in colour, but they are also the colour of truth and results. And this has been brought about by our Government, which has been able to and has expressed citizens beyond our party walls. And I am sure that many of them are among us today. They are people who voted for us for the first time in 2019. There may be people who will vote for us for the first time in this election in 2023; they are people who believe in responsible patriotism and creative modernization. That is why a self-reliant New Democracy will be an open, multi-powered New Democracy tomorrow. A party that will unite and not divide the Greek people.

And it is this message of unity and perspective. Greece will be blue on the evening of May 21, Constantine and Helen, it will be blue, just as our flag is blue, just as our party is blue.But I ask you to carry this message of unity and perspective everywhere, because you are the soul of the party. You live in society, you listen to its anxieties.I do not want you to forget, you see, the climate is very good, we are doing very well, but on the morning of 21 May the polls throughout the country will be empty when they open. And all political forces will start from the same starting point. Let's do everything we can to fill them with as many New Democracy ballots as possible. It's up to us; we are a great current today. This current was essentially born in 2019, born to change the country. My ambitions are high, I will not settle for mediocrity. I know how much we can achieve as a country and I know that we want to continue to build together the Greece we dream of.

To prevent the demolition of what has been conquered. To give perspective to what we can achieve. And this is the message that I ask you, today, to travel it to every city, every village, every district, every house in Thessaly, with you as messengers.And especially here, the people of Voliot, you have in your blood the power of regeneration, of new Hellenism, from the teachings of Anthimos Gazis. You have the vision and the fertile momentum of Regas Feraios from Velestino. You have the tradition of Magnesia in industry, in trade. But you also have the mythical "Argo", which will always symbolize the difficult journeys, but which know how to reach their destination.So from here, from Volos, we too set sail for a new exciting journey to the elections of May 21, with the air of victory, with our flags flying high, with our eyes on our hearts, for a Greece that moves forward as we want, as it deserves, steadily, boldly and always, always only forward, only upwards.Good race, for the great victory of New Democracy, of our party, for the great victory of Greece. I thank you from the bottom of my heart and with victory.
 