Hello friends, citizens of Drapetsona, Keratsini, all of Piraeus! It is a great pleasure to be here with you today and I would like to thank you for your great gathering today, for your very important presence and for your warm welcome. I would like to thank Tania, Fotis, the contributors to today's concert, which is dedicated to the Labour Day. In a place that means a lot to the people of Drapetsona and Keratsini and all of Piraeus. But it also means a lot to us, who have fought to keep this space from the clutches of speculative interests and to return it to the people.

I am very happy and proud that this area has become a place of respite, a place of recreation for thousands of citizens here in the districts of Piraeus, the popular districts of Piraeus. And it is a great pleasure, honour and pride for me to be here today, today being May Day. Because on May Day we don't go to flower shows. We honour the workers' struggles, we honour the people of labour on May Day. May Day is not a flower show, but a legacy of the struggles and sacrifices of working class, working people for justice and progress in this country.

That is why we choose to celebrate May Day here in Drapetsona. Because we cannot settle for the idea that "in Drapetsona we will no longer have life". In all the popular neighbourhoods of our country, we want to have life, not only in Kifissia, Ekali and Glyfada. Everywhere, all citizens should have life, the workers should have life. Workers to have life and rights, so that we can have all and sundry, so that all and sundry can have a job with dignity, wages with dignity, live with dignity. To have breathing and recreational spaces where they can be and spend their leisure time not locked up in the four showers. Yes, that is our policy, to give dignity and justice to all and sundry. "Justice everywhere". That is our message.

Friends, citizens of Drapetsona and Keratsini, May Day is a day of remembrance and honour of the great labour struggles all over the world. Since bloody Chicago in 1886, May Day has marked the march of the working class, of wage labor, to win a place in the sun. It marks the difficult struggles of millions of people for social justice. It symbolizes the assault of the infernos of the earth on the sky of history.

But also in our country, in Greece, May Day is a milestone in the march of the workers' movement, the march of the ideas of social liberation and socialism. Nothing was conquered in this land, in this country without struggle and sacrifice. Struggles and sacrifices mark our May Days and give energy to this day to their liberating meaning. The murder of Paraskevaidis at the May Day celebrations in 1924, which was met with bayonets, the murder of Toussis and 11 others on the bloody May Day of '36 in Thessaloniki, which inspired Yannis Ritsos to create "Epitaph", the 200 executed in Kaisariani. This is our history. A history of struggles and sacrifices. But of course there were others who struggled and sacrificed in years of leisure, when words like "democracy", "social justice", "socialism" and even "trade unionism" meant persecution, exile and imprisonment, sometimes even death.

This is our history, this is our legacy. That is why we say to all and to all: we come from far away and we will go far away. We are not a flare of the moment, we come from far away, we will go far away. We represent the struggles and sacrifices of our people for justice, freedom, democracy and progress. That is why we are the only ones who know and can bring change to this land.

But May Day is not only about history and memory. It is about what has happened, but also about what needs to happen, what needs to change. History and memory fuel today's struggles. I was reading the other day and thought it appropriate to remind you of what the resolution of the first workers' May Day, organised in 1893 by Stavros Kallergis' Socialist Association, said, among other things. 1893, 130 years ago! Among other things it said:
"On Sunday the shops should be closed all day long and the workers should rest.
Workers should work for 8 hours a day and minors should be prohibited from working.
A pension shall be granted to workers who are sick and disabled for the maintenance of themselves and their families.

So look, 130 years ago, how tragically relevant these demands of the trade union movement are, how relevant they are today, these timeless gains. Why? Because it is not enough to go for conquests with struggles and sacrifices. One must be able to struggle and keep these conquests standing. And of course what determines each time whether these conquests will be maintained, strengthened and respected is the social and political correlations that determine much in our lives, it is not enough to have trade union action.

In our time, nothing can be taken for granted. Nothing can be taken for granted, especially when neoliberal capitalism challenges every right to work, every shred of dignity and security for the worker, every idea of even social justice. The current government, the Mitsotakis government, which is inspired by extreme neoliberal concepts and considers inequality to be a natural phenomenon, has even gone so far as to abolish the eight-hour working day as an institution. An iconic conquest for which rivers of blood have been shed, all over the world, not only in Greece.
8 hours of work.
8 hours of rest.
8 hours of leisure
These were the demands of workers' struggles and conquests a century ago.

And today we are in a normalcy where young workers and all workers are not working 8 hours. We have unpaid 12-hour days, black uninsured work, wages for a family to live half the month and the other half to freeze and vegetate. And of course one can only see creative leisure time for today's worker, education, culture, art, creative daily life for workers and working women as black humour or luxury. Well, we say that this must change and will change with the power of the social majority. At the conclusion of my speech the lights went down.

I would like to conclude by saying this: I would like to call on all workers to see this election, the election that we have before us on May 21, as an important opportunity to give an answer to everything that has happened in our lives over these four years with our vote.

We must give an answer in order to restore in this country the labour normality, the eight-hour working day, the collective agreements. For there to be an obligation on the employer to declare and pay overtime. Not to dismiss anyone without justification. To abolish the concept of agency work. To abolish uninsured work. Let the state stand by the worker when labour laws are not respected, with a strong Labour Inspectorate to be re-established. Because even this was abolished by the Mitsotakis government.

So that we never again see those images of shame that we saw in a video that was released on the internet a few days before Labour Day, the boss terrorizing and threatening his employees, his workers, with dismissal if they don't vote for the one who gives him direct assignments. Well, well, these videos of shame should never be seen again. Let's respond to the intimidation, the terror of the workers.

We call on all workers to unite their forces, their voice and their vote, not to give in to the blackmail and terrorism that remind us of dark times. We call on them to go to the polls en masse. They should also vote for the 250 000 seasonal workers, the 250 000 seasonal workers who will be on the islands and whom the Mitsotakis government has made sure are not given the opportunity to vote. Because if they voted, they knew they would be blackballed. Let us join forces. Let all workers across the country join forces and make this year's May 21 a day of celebration of the workers' May Day. This year we will celebrate Labour Day twice, on May Day and May 21. This message is addressed to all the people of labour, the people of work. To defeat blackmail, terrorism and create a day of hope the day after the elections.

We ask for your vote to come first and by a wide margin. A strong mandate to form a government of progressive cooperation. That's what we ask of working men and women across the country. To bring change, to bring security and dignity at work, in everyday life, a strong health care system that does not discriminate on the basis of class, an education without fences and barriers for the children of the people's districts, with the Minimum Admission Base.

A strong welfare state, with resources and human resources, which will extend its umbrella to the most vulnerable, to all those living on the margins, insecurity, anxiety, anguish. This is what we are asking for on 21 May. And we will achieve it with your participation, with your vote.

"Enough is enough" we say on May 21 and the next day dawns the hour of change, of justice, of progress. I invite you to this beautiful struggle and you can be sure we will win. Goodbye! Good power and have fun with the notes and songs of the struggle. For our struggles go hand in hand with optimism, hand in hand with song. We fight, we sing, we vote, we win.