Welcome to the presentation of the programme for the next four years of the New Democracy. Today, we will attempt to do something different from the usual presentations, the usual speeches, a list of measures. Rarely, you know, are these programmes read by the citizens. So, today I will attempt to tell you a story, how I envision Greece in four years, a story that started four years ago, when we basically laid the foundations for the Greece we envision. I think that we listened with great interest to the - I believe - objective statements of five young people, who described to us the important steps of progress that have been made and the great leaps that need to be made so that our country can truly become a European country. It is about these great leaps that I want to talk to you today. But these leaps require a solid foundation. They are the foundations that we laid in the first four years of the New Democracy. You remember that in 2019 I also told you that Greece cannot be changed in four years, and I still believe that this is true. But we have made very important steps forward and these steps forward must be continued. The dilemma of whether to go forward or to turn back is more relevant today than ever.

So let's see how we perceive progress and how we can really build on the great successes of a four-year period in which - I remind you - we faced a series of unprecedented challenges and major crises, which certainly forced us to react. To protect the country, but at the same time to implement our electoral programme. Productive Greece. A Greece that grows, a Greece that produces new jobs, a Greece that improves the income of all Greek women and all Greeks.

Growth is the foundation on which our economic policy is built. If we do not have growth, we cannot finance the welfare state, we will not have resources for defence, we will not be able to spend more resources on education, on health. So the growth in the four years 2019-2022 was actually almost twice the average growth of the euro area. Make the comparison, where we were from 2015 to 2019. We had essentially under four times the growth rate of the European Union countries. And it's precisely this growth leap that we were able to achieve and that we achieved is what allowed us to support society during the coronoid, to be able to simultaneously reduce public debt by 40 percentage points. To have laid the foundations for a growth policy that will not jeopardise fiscal stability. For me, safeguarding fiscal stability is an inviolable condition and a contract of trust with the new generation. So that we never again reach the point where the country faces the spectre of bankruptcy.

And this growth that we have achieved, we have achieved it not through consumption, which was financed by borrowing, but primarily through investment. You may recall that when I spoke in this room in 2019, I told you that the biggest challenge we will face is how to bridge the gap between us and the European Union in terms of investment as a percentage of GDP. We have made very significant steps forward. But, at the same time, this slide reflects the absolute consistency of the words and actions of the New Democracy government.

I told you that we would reduce taxes and contributions, we have reduced taxes and contributions. Everything mentioned here, at least the first five points, were explicit commitments in our election programme. In fact, on the ENVIA, we even went beyond what we told you and reduced the ENVIA by 35%, not 30% as we had committed to. And of course, the last point, point 6, the effective abolition of parental donations for first-degree relatives, was an additional political intervention that we had not mentioned during the election campaign. I stress again that we reduced all these taxes without compromising fiscal stability and contradicting those "Cassandras" who claimed that during Covid and during the energy crisis we were spending beyond our means. The official Eurostat figures came in, they were solemnly refuted. The country managed in 2022, for the first time, to produce a primary surplus despite tax cuts.

So how did we achieve this financial performance? I spoke to you before about investments. In January 2020, just before the pandemic broke out, I was in Davos and I had, at that time, my first meeting with the President of Microsoft, that's the gentleman you see in the background of the picture, Mr. Brad Smith. At that time I spoke to him for the first time about a country that can attract high value-added investment, data centres, that can become a focus for technology investment by big business technology giants. He listened to me with some reservation. But nine months later - in the midst of the pandemic - Microsoft was the first to believe in our story and took the decision to invest hundreds of millions of euros in the creation of three data centres in our country, paving the way for a number of business giants to follow. But it wasn't just Microsoft. Pfizer has, as you may know, set up a truly impressive global innovation centre in Thessaloniki. A truly impressive workplace that encourages innovation, ingenuity. When Pfizer's CEO started this effort he thought he would barely have 200-300 employees in this innovation center. I believe that very soon it will be able to exceed 1,000, for the simple reason that it is now able to attract excellent young scientists, many of whom are returning from abroad to come and work in Thessaloniki.These are the first steps towards reversing the brain drain that our friend spoke to us about a moment ago, which has hurt Greek society so much. It is an example of how foreign investment is creating high value-added jobs in cutting-edge sectors such as artificial intelligence and big data management, one of the many investments that have been made in our country by foreign companies.

But, you know, when we talk about investment, we are not only talking about technology, innovation, biotechnology. There is another category of investment that we have attached an extremely high importance to, and this photo is at the Syros shipyards. When I went and spoke to the workers four years ago, these shipyards were practically dead, with one tank that had practically sunk. At that time, there were 180 workers working in Syros. The company owed them wages, if I am not mistaken, of about ten years. Now in Syros we have 600 workers. The Greek shipping industry is rushing to send its ships to this shipyard for repair, and of course it is not the only shipyard that has been revived in our time.In Elefsina we currently have 600 workers, who, in a very moving event organised by the Ministry of Development, told their personal stories. How difficult it is to see your company essentially collapse and suddenly an investor comes along, to be able to get back to work, to be able to feed their families and, above all, to have the pride of doing something they really love. Elefsina can reach 2,000 employees.And of course, let's not forget the case of Skaramagas. Another painful story. Another "Gordian knot" that we have managed to untie. Today, Skaramagas is now in the hands of a private owner. A shipyard with enormous potential, which can add significant value to our Navy and to our merchant shipping. I estimate that Skaramagas will make more than 700 new hires in the next year.Just three examples - I could have had too many - of investments that are already underway in our country.

But investment alone does not say much if it is not accompanied by good wages. And here we must emphasise that the average wage in our country, the average wage in the private sector, has increased significantly in the four years of our government. At the same time, of course, it is true that Greek society as a whole is being tested by a crisis of imported price competitiveness, but the challenge for us has always been how to support disposable income by increasing wages in connection with productivity and the growth potential of the Greek economy. We committed in 2019 that we would raise the minimum wage at twice the growth rate. We have exceeded this commitment. The minimum wage was EUR 650 and today it is EUR 780, a 20% increase, three additional wages per year. And our goal is to get the minimum wage to at least 950 euros at the end of the four years.

What is it that you see? Let's see. It is the Digital Work Card which is already being implemented, from 1 July 2022, in banks, in supermarkets with more than 250 employees, in insurance companies, in public utilities. Within the next four years it will be implemented in all companies and in the public sector. Today close to 200,000 employees use it.Why are we insisting so much on this tool? Because I keep hearing, especially from young people, "I cannot work overtime and not get paid for the work I do". The Digital Job Card puts an end to the abusive practices of employers and the exploitation of workers.It is an easy tool to fully record actual working hours, keep time, pay overtime. Our commitment is that within the next four years it will be extended to the entire public sector and the entire private sector, including small businesses.

To talk a little bit about development, we could not fail to say a word about our tourism. Tourism went through an unprecedented ordeal in the years of the pandemic. Especially in 2020, when people practically stopped travelling, we found ourselves facing the spectre of the total collapse of the sector, which was and is to a large extent the "engine" of the Greek economy.The truth is that we have supported the tourism sector through coordinated actions, by using European programmes, by using resources from the state budget. But we also dared to take a series of initiatives that allowed us to be among the first to open up our tourism market, so that today we are in the happy position that 2022 will be a record year in terms of revenues from our main markets. 2023 is forecast to be even better. That didn't happen, it worked. The progress that we have achieved in tourism is in turn linked to a number of significant investments that are being made in tourism infrastructure, but also through the improvement in the remuneration of tourism workers themselves, who are receiving larger increases and higher wages than those provided for in old collective agreements - and certainly higher wages than the minimum wage. This is also a success; we have the potential to improve our tourism revenues very significantly and I believe that 2023 will give us a preview of what we can achieve from the sector which is currently, presumably, the most important sector for the Greek economy.

In 2019 I spoke about my will to turn Greece into a vast construction site. Indeed, today, projects worth €22.5 billion are underway across the country. In 2015-2019, 3.5 billion worth of projects were put out to tender. From 2019 to 2023, 14 billion were put out to tender.These are just three of the tens of hundreds that I could show you: the airport in Kastelli, Crete; the most modern airport in the Mediterranean, which will be ready in 2026; the Amvrakia Odos, which will be completed within the next year and will bring Lefkada and Vonitsa closer to the Ionian Road. And of course the E65, a road that will bring Western Macedonia out of isolation, connecting it with Thessaly, with Central Greece. A project which was practically 'clinically dead' when we came into the picture, we managed to unblock it and secured funding from the Recovery Fund to enable it to be completed.

So let's see what our financial targets are for the next four years. These are the macroeconomic targets, which are essentially the foundations on which we will build our entire policy.Yes, we can and must achieve growth rates twice as high as the European Union, because only then can we achieve real convergence with Europe. This means that we must increase our investments by at least 70% and reach a public debt that will eventually reach 120% of GDP in 2030, combined with a reduction in inflation and its stabilisation, as the European Central Bank is also trying to do, at 2%.

Unemployment could fall to 8% in 2027. Our exports can reach 60% of GDP in 2027 if we continue on an upward trajectory. And I very much insist on increasing the share of manufacturing, production, industry - to put it very simply - to 15% of GDP, by implementing a national strategy for industry, for the extroversion of Greek enterprises.

The fifth point also has its own special value. Yes, we are now approaching the goal of Greece becoming a destination 12 months a year. Athens, Thessaloniki and our major cities have at least already achieved this. In this way we can substantially extend the tourist season, give more work for more months to tourism workers and bring tourism revenues to EUR 30 billion a year. The target is achievable and we can achieve it.

However, all this will not have any great significance if it is not accompanied by our central electoral commitment, which is none other than the increase of wages, of earnings, in the next four years.Non-negotiable goal: a 25% increase in wages within four years, to bring the average wage to 1,500 euros. And to 950 euros, at least, the minimum wage.We will have new pension increases of 3% to 4% on 1/1/24.  We will have an increase, after many years, in the salaries of civil servants through a new single payroll on 1/1/24, with a total burden of 500 million euros, which we will spend additionally only on the salaries of civil servants.

And, as I said, implementation of the Digital Job Card for all businesses regardless of size. And, of course, continuing a policy that we have already started: intensive controls. We now have the possibility to make them more targeted, also using new digital tools of the Labour Inspectorate everywhere, in order to reduce to a minimum practices of circumvention of workers' rights.

Let us now turn to our tax interventions. You remember that in 2019 - I presented them to you before - we talked very specifically about the need to reduce the tax burden that Mr Tsipras unjustly imposed on the whole of Greek society and especially on the middle class, and we achieved that goal. But that does not mean that there is no room for further reductions in tax rates. And if, I stress, the performance of the budget surprises us pleasantly, we can go beyond these commitments I am presenting to you today. Within four years it will be completely abolished, as tax compliance of self-employed persons will also improve.We increase the tax-free allowance by 1,000 euros for all families with children.We reduce in the first phase by one additional unit the social security contributions in order to reduce taxation on labour.And from 1/1/25 we reduce the presumption of living expenses by 30% on average.

To conclude with the major projects. Many are already underway and the next four years will be the four years of their completion. As an indication, here are 10 projects that will either be fully completed or in the process of completion.If I had to pick one of them, it would be the Thessaloniki Metro. The Thessaloniki Metro, which was so fought over by many people, who claimed that we cannot build a metro and protect the city's cultural heritage at the same time. All the trains have already been received, we are in trial operation. And, most importantly, the amazing cultural wealth at the Venizelos station is beginning to be put back in place, as we had committed to. And Metro, well, and ancient in early 2024.

Let's now move on to social Greece, to policies that have to do with education, with health, with social cohesion. Let me start with a photograph that I think is very familiar to all of you. It is Operation Eleftheria, the vaccination operation which was planned from the outset, from scratch, by the Greek Government. It is, in fact, let me say, a picture from the future; workers and health professionals with a smile welcoming us to the vaccination centres. The state coming to citizens with scheduled appointments. Remember when you used to get that message and to the minute the state would come and tell you when to get your vaccination. How many people back then believed that you could actually go to a vaccination center and get vaccinated at the exact time the state told you? And yet, we did. It is a great legacy for the National Health System and for health policies as a whole what we achieved in the Freedom campaign.I would say that this is the image of credibility, of safety, of security, of trust, in citizens and in workers in the National Health System, that we want in the whole NHS. MyHealth.gov.gr. The country was one of the few countries that did not actually have a digital patient record in 2019. For the first time we have the MyHealth app with intangible prescriptions, online appointments with the Personal Doctor, medical vouchers, diagnostic tests in hospitals and diagnostic centres.What you are seeing - those of you who have not downloaded it on your phones, I encourage you to do so - is essentially the blueprint for the digital patient record, which will be ready at the end of the next four years. All the information gathered in one place; think how important that is. For example, an emergency happens, the ambulance arrives and the ambulance rescuer knows exactly the medical history of the citizen he is going to pick up. And when he goes to the hospital, the hospital is already prepared to deal with the incident and the patient is directed to the hospital that may be on call at that moment and has the specialised knowledge and the ability to deal with that emergency.So we are essentially combining technology with quality health care. The digital health revolution will be one of the major programmatic commitments of this government. I think we have already demonstrated, in digital Greece, that we have the capacity to make not steps but leaps forward.Two images: one we like and one we don't like. Because the aim is to show the truth without embellishing it. Left, ranches. This particular picture from "Evangelism". Yes, we have made a valiant effort lately and have largely succeeded in reducing these "adjunct beds", as the experts call them. Ranja, for everyone else; but the picture on the right is also a real picture. It is the picture of the intensive care unit of the "Salvation", which was built with the funding of the Parliament in record time, 50 beds. We have managed to increase during the pandemic by 100%, to double the number of ICUs, basically.We want the right picture, we don't want the left picture. How do we do that? By modernising the emergency departments in 80 hospitals and drastically renovating all 156 health centres in the country, with resources from the Recovery Fund. To create more than 300 telemedicine units, and of course, very importantly, to reduce waiting times for surgical operations. We need to reduce them by 50% and my goal is to reduce waiting times in emergency departments by 70% by the end of 2027.

Let's move from health - I will come back to this section in the summary of this section - to some of the above programmatic commitments and move on to education. This photo is real, it is a photo that was taken in a primary school in Aghios Anargyros, in a fifth grade class, and it shows the picture of the school of the future. Digital interactive whiteboards in all grades, from 5th grade to 3rd grade, in 36,000 public school classrooms. And I've already given my approval in the Recovery Fund Review to find additional resources to get such interactive whiteboards in place by kindergarten. That is, to have such a whiteboard in every Greek classroom.Think how much the lesson itself and the teaching experience changes with this tool. How much more interest we arouse in children for knowledge and how much more creative the lesson can become for students and teachers alike.Of course, this is something that is accompanied by systematic training seminars for teachers and teachers, so that they can make use of this amazing opportunity that modern technology gives us. And I would say that the next four years in education is very much the four years of the implementation of a major package of institutional interventions that were passed in this four-year period.It is very important, especially for education, that we can have an eight-year horizon so that the major changes that we have made can actually take root. Changes such as the multiple textbook, whose implementation has actually already begun, more Standard and Experimental Schools, extended school hours to 5:30 p.m., so important for working families, and of course, we are building on the 25,000 new teacher recruitments that this government has made. We estimate 4,000 to 5,000 new teacher hires every year.I'm curious to see if there's anybody who recognizes where that picture is. Kozani. You would think it might be an overseas university. Yet, this is the modern campus of the University of Western Macedonia. This is how we want all our public universities to be.At the University of Western Macedonia we have the School of Economics and Regional Studies, the School of Information Sciences, the School of Business Administration. And it is not only the very nice buildings, it is also the liberation that we have given to the universities, so that they can actually claim extroversion and provide quality studies for all students; to finally connect studies with the real economy and production with tools such as industrial doctorates, double degrees, extroversion. Note, two medical schools already have English-speaking departments. It is not possible - I have said it many times - that Cyprus has become a centre of attraction and education for our entire wider neighbourhood and we cannot do it in Greece.The next four years will be the four years of extroversion for Greek public universities.

I want to move on to transport. And the reason why we have this section, in Social Greece, is precisely to demonstrate that Public Transport is not just a development project, but is essentially a policy of social cohesion.Our emphasis on strengthening Public Transport in the next four years will be reflected in a very specific plan for quality public transport, in addition to the new Metro lines that we will be adding, but mainly in reducing the time between train arrivals and environmentally friendly transport. We will have 2,000 new buses in Athens and Thessaloniki, many of which will be electric. We have already secured financial resources and these procurements will be completed very quickly.

"My House." We have said many things about the importance of this programme, which began as a government response to a request that was constantly being made to us by young people who told us: "I can't possibly still live with my parents, I can't have a home, I can't start a family. The possibility of acquiring a home is for me an unattainable dream".In other words, if I do not have a house from my parents - which they can now of course transfer without additional taxation - I am basically condemned either to live on rent, with a very high rent, or to be forced to live with my parents until I am 30 or 35 years old.The 'My House' programme is the response to this demand of the younger generation to acquire a home on reasonable terms. You already know the details of the programme: the possibility of acquiring a house worth up to 150,000 euros on extremely favourable terms, with a loan that is essentially subsidised, with a loan instalment that is 3/4 subsidised by the Greek state, so that the loan instalment that you will pay is substantially lower than the rent that you would pay for a similar house. Only now the house will finally be yours.We have already taken the decision to double the resources available for the "My House" programme in the first phase, as the speed with which applications are being made has also pleasantly surprised us.

There is no social Greece without accessibility policies. I will then come back to our horizontal policies for people with disabilities, and here I would like to focus specifically on accessibility policies in archaeological sites.For the first time, people with disabilities have gained access to the Acropolis, thanks to the lift and thanks to the corridors that we built, which were so maligned by the opposition. This was the 'cementing' of the Acropolis that Mr Tsipras accused us of, who went up - for the first time, I think - to the Holy Rock to denounce us. Why did we do it? We did it for these people. And UNESCO came to tell us: "You did everything fine and you totally respected the monument".By 2025, disability access projects will have been completed in 21 important archaeological sites. No one should be excluded from being able to visit the country's unique cultural heritage.

Finally, you've seen this photo, probably, it's the plan of the new Archaeological Museum. The architect who won the international competition was awarded, two weeks later, what is equivalent to the "Nobel Prize for Architecture". The "Pritzker Prize"; it is a visionary plan for the new National Archaeological Museum. We estimate that it will take about two years to complete all the relevant studies, which will be privately funded, and four years to build the entrance to the new Archaeological Museum.It is an intervention that is not only cultural but profoundly developmental in nature. It is an intervention that has the potential to revitalise virtually the entire historic centre of the capital. And it is just one of the important cultural projects that will be launched in the next four years, along with the Museum of Maritime Antiquities in Piraeus, the conversion of Tatoi into a museum, the new Archaeological Museum of Elefsina.Of course, since we are talking about the field of culture and since so much noise was made about the professional rights of graduates, in 2025 there will be a Higher School of Performing Arts, with full professional rights and equal to graduates of universities. Because it will be effectively a university for graduates of performing arts schools.

So let's summarise our health interventions a little bit. I have talked to you about equipping hospitals, about the free personal doctor for all citizens, about the digital transformation of health care, but all this also requires people. We will increase by 10,000 the number of health workers. Primarily nurses, but also doctors, through a series of advertisements that are already being launched, so that we can absorb and not remove any of the workers who joined the National Health System during the difficult years of Covid.I want to make a special mention. We have already developed and will complete within the next four years an innovative mental health strategy with new structures. Mental health - and especially the mental health of children and adolescents - is a major challenge for the future and we must be ready to face it.I left one last intervention to which I personally attach enormous importance: free screening for all citizens. With the 'Fofi Gennimata' programme - as you know, it has already started - more than 130 000 women have already had a screening mammogram, either in a public or private facility. We went and found them, they did not come to us; of these, more than 7,000 were found to have breast cancer that they did not know they had. The chance of them doing well and being fully cured is very high, much higher once we have an early diagnosis.The new screening programme, the Doxiades programme, is expanding and will be completed within the next four years for a number of diseases.

I have already spoken to you about education, about the all-day school. We want to reach 150 Model and Experimental Schools. And of course, under the single pay scale, we will have an increase in the salaries of our teachers, who we are asking to do more and we need to reward them better.Of course, the first of the student residences that we are launching will be completed, so that our universities will finally be able to provide decent accommodation for our students. We will use the financial tool of PPPs and within the next four years we will be able to provide free accommodation for 8 500 students in a number of Greek public universities.

I have already spoken to you about transport: the upgrading of the transport fleet, the Thessaloniki Metro which will be operational in early 2024, the extension of Line 2 to the west.And of course I have spoken to you about the most important project that is currently underway, that is already underway, that we will need until 2029 to complete: none other than Metro Line 4, the most important public project currently underway in the country, but which, when it is operational, will serve more than 400 people.It is impossible, my friends, to plan the future mobility of our cities and to face the challenge of climate change at the same time without investing in public transport and especially in fixed railways such as the Metro. An extremely difficult project, an extremely expensive project, but absolutely essential if Athens is to remain a sustainable city that encourages mobility and environmentally friendly transport.

In the social sector, we are increasing the maternity allowance for self-employed workers and farmers from four to nine months. We are correcting an injustice in the level of the minimum wage and we will also significantly increase the number of places for infants and toddlers in nurseries, in conjunction with the full launch of the "Neighbourhood Nannies" programme. Enabling families and especially working families, working mothers, to feel that they can leave their children in a safe and creative space and work. Because one of the great economic challenges that we have is to increase the participation of women in the labour market, and this cannot happen if we do not have serious social structures that support the family as a whole.

Let's go now to green and digital Greece or digital and green Greece. I don't need to say much here. It is the picture of yesterday and the picture not of tomorrow, but of today: 1.2 billion digital transactions in 2022. It was a big gamble that we were able to make and we won it.If any government, friends, has credibility when it talks about digital policies, it is the government of the New Democracy. Here we are talking about actions, about measurable results.And of course, I would like to stress that when we talk about the digitalisation of the state, it is not just the application that you see on your mobile phone. Behind the scenes, there is very serious work being done to enable us to streamline and simplify procedures.Take for example what has been done in the EFKA. We inherited a tragic situation: two and three years for pensions to come out.  We fought, we worked - the Ministry of Labour - with great dedication to tackle this problem. And today we can issue pensions in two months, as we had committed to; this is the standard for the entire public sector. So, digitisation of all government departments within the next four years.

This is a picture of today, not a picture of the future. But it is a picture that we need to see more and more often. The country's largest photovoltaic park in the Ptolemaida area, a large wind farm.Greece already produces almost 50% of its energy from the sun and wind as we speak. We are a world leader, not only in Europe. We are one of the top ten countries in the world in the production of energy from renewable sources.But that is not enough. Our goal is to reach 80% of electricity production from renewables within the next four years. And these images need to become much more widespread. This is of particular importance both for our energy security and for the huge effort we have to make overall to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.Think, friends, that in 2022 alone we paid €7 billion for gas imports. EUR 7 billion for a natural resource that we imported. We were also dependent on a third party who used energy as a geopolitical tool.This is the future. We have already foreseen ways in which siting can be made easier. But renewable energy should not only be about energy production, of course, but also about households themselves. "Photovoltaics on roofs", a programme that we want to run at high speed. But also to concern small producers, especially our farmers, who can now become much more competitive by producing electricity with small photovoltaic panels in the field.

Our islands, the "GR-eco islands". It is an initiative which has secured funding resources. We have the ability to make the transition to green reality on our islands much easier than we can do in mainland Greece.See for example what is happening in Halki, one of the first islands to join the GR-eco islands programme. He put in a small photovoltaic system and suddenly the residents of the outlying Halki found that they were not actually paying any electricity bills, because there is substantial offsetting and the photovoltaic system produces enough energy to cover the energy needs of a small island.This should be the model for all Greek islands.This should be the model for all Greek islands. Combined with the increase in electromobility, with proper waste management, we have the potential within the next four years for our Greek islands to become leading players and I would say a model to be copied for how island Greece can become a global leader in green development.And of course, since we are talking about renewable energy sources, it is worthwhile to show you some comparative data. Don't go into too much detail on the numbers. Just keep in mind that during the four years of SYRIZA there was actually very little progress, while during the four years of the New Democracy there was progress that far exceeded the European average. And this is the path that must be continued.

This is the research vessel that carried out the seismic surveys southwest of Crete, which have been completed. We are awaiting the data and for the first time a serious job has been done to be able to explore whether there is hydrocarbon wealth within the Greek zone of sovereignty and exercise of sovereign rights.We have covered ten times the area that was covered in the past. And combined with the other investments that are being made in the energy sector, Greece is now becoming an international energy hub. Not only for the production of electricity from renewable energy sources, but also as a gateway for natural gas from the wider Mediterranean region.We are now a country that plays a crucial role in the energy stability of the entire Balkans. If it were not for the gas that entered the European system from Greece, our friend Bulgaria would have run out of gas last year. You can understand how important these investments are to upgrade our overall geopolitical role.

Of course, we must also protect our unique natural environment. The "Apatity Mountains" are a global innovation. They are zones of absolute protection. We have designated nine mountains so far as "Apatity". This means that we can make practically no interventions. Yes, no wind turbines will be put in from one altitude upwards. Because this unique natural wealth must be protected and handed over to the next generation as we received it.

In digital Greece, keep in mind that we will reach 90% of the state's public services that will be on gov.gr. And of course, it is of great importance to be able to expand both fixed and mobile speeds. By '27, almost the entire country will be covered by 5G, and we have, as you know, launched a major effort to get fiber to as many homes as possible to get higher speeds in both fixed and fixed communications, not just mobile.

On the issues of green Greece, I talked to you about 80% of the electricity generation coming from Renewable Energy Sources, about the big reforestation programme. Let me say a little bit more about the energy upgrade of 600,000 homes.You know that we have already launched a number of programmes on energy saving. These are programmes that have been very well received, and we will continue to run them with increased resources. They are tried and tested programmes, they absorb very quickly European resources that we have available to us, they support the domestic industry as a whole because many of the materials used to make our homes more energy efficient are Greek materials. These programmes will continue and will be expanded; we must finally complete a programme that comes from the past, the 45 waste management plants across the country. Because we must now comply fully with the new very strict directives of the European Union and this tragic situation that we have received must be corrected as soon as possible.

Fourth section, a just Greece. What do we mean by "fair Greece"? Apart from Justice, which I will talk to you about in a moment, I understand a just Greece as a Greece that leaves no one behind. Which gives equal opportunities primarily to our fellow citizens who need state care more than others.In this photo I am with Anna, the disabled girl and Elena, her Personal Assistant. It is the implementation of the "Personal Assistant" program, in which I have so much faith, for which I have fought so much, so that 1,000 of our fellow citizens with disabilities can have access to a person who will serve them, who will allow them to live their lives; but above all, it will free their families, their parents first and foremost, from this huge responsibility of having to take care of their child 24/7 and to take care of them. It is an extremely important intervention. That is how I understand justice in practice, equal opportunities for all Greek women and men. It is, let me remind you, a Recovery Fund programme, because we keep hearing that the Recovery Fund is 'for a few rich people'. This is the Recovery Fund in practice, because we have chosen to finance such actions from the Recovery Fund.

Violence against women. A big problem that came to the surface in such an intense way, with tragic situations and tragic incidents that we had to manage.We already have 18 new Domestic Violence Offices in the Greek Police. We will expand them significantly. We will train more than 1,000 police officers to be able to deal with such situations.We now have the "Panic button", which we want to expand very drastically. A tool, that is, in which a woman who is in an environment where she may be a victim of abuse will be able to alert - without the abuser knowing - the police. But also a support structure in case she feels threatened.And of course, the SOS 15900 line. We have double the number of women who have contacted "15900" since 2019 and have received meaningful help. No woman alone, no woman will live in fear.

National LGBTI strategy. Right to blood donation for homosexuals. We did it, not the previous "progressive" government. Progressive in word, but in practice we have devised a strategy for our LGBTI fellow citizens; a ban - we are implementing it now - on conversion therapies for minors. Very bad situations, especially in teenagers, with 'treatments' - God make them treatments - where people were trying to forcefully change their sexual orientation. They were banned now; special employment programs for trans people. A comprehensive policy.  Special actions to protect HIV carriers. And the country is making the most progress in expanding LGBTQ rights in Europe, along with countries like France, Denmark and Ireland. We still have a lot of work to do and to implement the strategy we have developed.

Justice itself is one of the biggest problems we face. You know very well that justice is delayed, excessively delayed. Here we have a measurable objective: we must reach the European average within four years. What does this mean? Less than 500 days to clear pending cases in the judiciary; this will obviously not happen overnight. We have a very detailed programme for the judiciary which I do not have time to present to you today. Just keep our digital strategy for Justice. How we will use court case management projects to enable us to simplify the way the courts operate; and of course, the new judicial charter for administrative, civil and criminal justice, together with major investments that will be made in court buildings.

Public and state. Here, apart from the Digital Job Card, let me talk a little bit more experientially about the way we manage human resources in the public sector.When Antonis Samaras entrusted me with the "electric chair" of the Ministry of Administrative Reform, in 2013, in addition to the obligations we had to fulfil towards our creditors at that time, I had set an ambitious plan in motion: to explain to Greek society why the concept of evaluation is a self-evident obligation of any public administration. Today, however, this concept is now well established. So, evaluation everywhere, for all civil servants, with reward systems, productivity bonuses, better training, selection of administrations according to professional criteria. But also opportunities for improvement for civil servants who are not performing. And of course, a new central authority for speeding up, transparency and streamlining public procurement, within the framework of European law.We have been delayed in public tenders, we know that, we need to review the framework as a whole. And to the extent that we are obliged to comply, as we must, with European legislation, we must further simplify these procurement procedures, which are so delayed.

Equality and cohesion. An 8% increase in the minimum guaranteed income and disability benefits, we are doing it, we will continue to do it every year.

Allow me to dwell a little on the gender pay gap. It sounds like a very technocratic term. Quite simply, women are paid less than men for the same job. That has to stop.

Let's now go to our last chapter, which is about a strong Greece, about the policies of defence, immigration, national security.I will start with a picture of today's Civil Protection. I don't want to show you a picture of the situation we found in Civil Protection in 2019. Suffice it to say that it was housed as a secretariat in a building that was roughly dilapidated. If there was an earthquake, it would have been the first building to fall.We now have a new Ministry for Civil Protection and the response to the climate crisis, with significant infrastructure, with a European programme funded by the NSRF, specifically for Civil Protection, which is worth EUR 2 billion, and which we are called upon to implement over the next four years.But we have already put in place the structures for the Civil Protection of the future. We have shown the first results in fire management over the past year. We have learnt our lessons from what we did wrong in the fires of 2021. We have, of course, a natural disaster recovery mechanism and a state relief mechanism, which stands by our fellow citizens who have been tested and who have seen losses to their property; and of course, a great achievement, "112". I thought for a moment about putting it on for a while, but then I thought it would shake you up a bit, so I thought I wouldn't do it.But watch out, "112" has been operating in our country for almost three years now. We now have a culture when the mobile phone rings with that tone to see what the state is telling us and listen to its instructions.We also have a culture of evacuation, which we didn't have. I wish we had it in other natural disasters. It was not self-evident. Britain is now experimenting with '112' and hopes to have it within the next two years. It is a major achievement of which we have every reason to be proud. And we want to be at the forefront of civil protection issues.

I would like to say a big thank you to the women and men of the Coast Guard. In 2015, 75% of illegal arrivals in the European Union passed through Greece. Today we are at 5%. We have achieved this because we have shown in practice that we can guard and protect our borders, whether they are land or sea.And we will implement, within the next four years, a very important programme to further modernise the Coast Guard and we will finally complete the digital system for the protection of maritime borders, which will give us a real-time picture - sound from all maritime borders in a single coordination centre.Again, a picture from yesterday and a picture from today. The picture on the left is Samos, this is the situation we received in 2019, just above Vathi, 7,000 people in desperate conditions.The picture on the right is the new reception centre we created with European funding - the one on the left is past. The reception centre exists today in Samos, it is not very crowded because we have managed to limit the migratory flows, but there is a modern and humane infrastructure, which is first and foremost safe.We have reduced the number of reception centres for migrants across the country from 122 in 2019 to 31 today, and we have recruited 2,000 border guards.This photo was taken in early March 2020, together with the leadership of the European Union - Ursula von der Leyen, Charles Michel, David Sassoli, President of the European Parliament, who is no longer with us - flying to Evros, when we protected our country's borders and prevented the migrant invasion organised by the neighbouring country.It was our response to the hybrid threat that we received and the first legacy of a new immigration policy, which now recognises, after a lot of work over three years, that there is no single immigration and asylum policy at European level without being able to protect our external borders.The fence is non-negotiable for the New Democracy government. What you see is the part that has already been completed. Within the next four years the whole of Evros will be shielded, 140 kilometres.

And of course we cannot talk about security and about a strong Greece, without emphasis on the Police, its continuous strengthening, its reorganization.You see our border guards on the left. It is very moving, you know, the stories I heard on Evros, because we are talking about the fence, but Evros in 2020 was protected by the men and women of the Greek Police and the Armed Forces. They stayed awake for days on end.We have recruited, as I said, 2,000 new border guards. But we are also focusing on new forms of soft policing in the police centres, so that in combination with the work of the police and the presence that will be more intense in all neighbourhoods, we can ensure that all Greek women and men feel safe.The digital revolution is also helping us in this area. Because we estimate that we can release about 5,000 police officers who are currently serving in office positions and get them out on the streets, in the neighbourhoods, where they need to be, by simplifying and digitising procedures.And of course, our commitment remains firm: an end to all lawlessness, wherever it may be.

This photo is from the reception of one of the first six Rafale aircraft delivered by our Air Force. I want to point out that investing in the country's deterrent capabilities is a sacred obligation of any Greek government. It will always be done with respect for the taxpayer's money.We have been able to make important purchases, as you have seen and as you remember from the beginning of the presentation, without putting pressure on public finances to the point of leading to difficult situations.But we still have ahead of us - and it is imperative that it be implemented in the next four years - a very important programme to further strengthen the Armed Forces. Twenty-four Rafale have already been purchased; they will have been delivered within this year. The upgrade of 83 F-16s to Viper version will be completed by 2027; this is the first Belharra frigate which is already being built at the French shipyard in Lorian. We will have taken delivery of three Belharra frigates by 2027 and the obligation, the first major decision of the next government, will be to acquire three additional corvettes, two of which will be built in Greek shipyards.

I want to end the photos with this one. All the things I have talked about could not have happened if Greece had not had a strong voice abroad, respected by both allies and enemies.Greece counts abroad today. Its voice is heard, we are equal partners with our European partners, we are participating and co-shaping crucial European decisions. And it is precisely this prestige that the country has acquired that not only makes it stronger, but also makes it more prosperous economically.It is the necessary precondition for a Greece of progress, a Greece of growth, a Greece of social prosperity, as I envision it.

In conclusion, friends, I have described to you in broad terms because - as Akis said, whom I want to thank, along with his staff - there has been a lot more work behind the programme that you see. I have just given you an indication of some of the most important initiatives on how we see Greece over the next four years.I often use the metaphor, which I think is apt, of home, our common home, which is none other than our homeland, Greece. We have laid the foundations, the foundations are fiscal stability and a strong economy. Without it, none of what I have described to you can be put into practice. And on these foundations we are building a productive, social, green and digital, just and strong Greece.But this house is not yet complete. The foundations have been laid and we are slowly starting to build. We have already built several floors of the Greece we envision, but the work is not yet complete.

The next four years will be the four years in which the Greece that we envision will be firmly on its feet, will have become a truly European country, a country with sustainable growth that exceeds the European averages, a Greece with social prosperity, with justice, but justice in practice, not justice in words. Because for me the greatest proof of social justice for a popular party like New Democracy is none other than the possibility for every young person, regardless of where they come from or where they were born, to have the same opportunities to excel and advance in life; a green and digital Greece that will use the resources of the Recovery Fund to meet the two great challenges of a future that is coming at breakneck speed. Either we are talking about climate change and the great challenges we face, or we are talking about a digital world that is changing so fast that you young people can already go into an app, a new tool, ChatGPT and write your assignments. I don't recommend that you do that, but it shows us how much we are obliged to think about how to stand in this world that is changing so quickly. What artificial intelligence means. What are the challenges. What are the opportunities.

Finally, of course, what is the strong Greece that we envision, that can repel enemies, build alliances and ensure our national sovereignty and our sovereign rights.

I want to continue working for this Greece. At the service of the Greek citizens, with a tried and tested staff, a staff that has been "baked" and matured through the management of many crises.We know what we want to do. We know where we want to take the country. We are more ready, more mature than ever before. Give us the opportunity to go steadily, boldly, forward.Thank you very much.
