The whole Aegean Sea is blue and all of Greece will be blue on the evening of May 21. Thank you from the bottom of my heart, thank you for this impressive reception and a big thank you to our ONNED, to our AAP, to our youth. I am always happy when I visit Mytilene. But today, I am doubly happy because I see that your beautiful island has now definitely and irrevocably turned the page. We have left the difficult days of the refugee crisis behind us and Lesvos looks to the future with optimism.

I remember, friends, when I came to visit the "hellhole" of Moria, I had to enter with a platoon of riot police, when you had more than thirty thousand illegal immigrants, asylum seekers, here on your island and when the image in the market, where I had walked, was one of despair. I saw the desperation in your eyes then and I was committed, I looked you in the eye and said 'I will take care of this problem'. And I did. We protected our borders, because Greece has borders on land and sea. And it has an obligation to guard them.I would like you, friends, to give your loudest applause to the women and men of our Coast Guard, who carry out the difficult task of guarding the borders day and night, with absolute respect for human rights, having saved thousands of people at sea.

But we sent a message from day one: that Greece, which was a reception centre for migrants, is now a thing of the past. More than 600 thousand illegal immigrants had passed through your island during the four years of Syriza. In our days it is less than ten thousand.The "hellhole" of Moria no longer exists. The site has been given to the Municipality, the private land has been returned to its owners and I look forward to my next visit, as Prime Minister of the country, to inspect the important educational, cultural and recreational projects that will be carried out at this site.

This, my friends, is just one indication of how Greece has turned the page in these four years. How much progress we have made, despite the great difficulties we have had to face. How today we really do have the right - both here in the North Aegean and in the territory as a whole - to look to the future with greater optimism. We have implemented our election programme. We have reduced taxes, we have reduced contributions, we have created jobs, we have supported the whole territory and especially here, the North Aegean, with important development projects, which we will have the opportunity to present later on. But we have also supported society, businesses and workers against all the crises that have befallen us. Ask the shopkeepers in the pedestrian precinct here what support they received from the state in the difficult days of the pandemic. We spent more than EUR 45 billion to keep businesses open, to pay wages, to give refundable and non-refundable advances. That is why we have this picture here in Mytilene today. We supported all of you against the imported precision with extraordinary subsidies on electricity. We supported our islands by demanding and achieving low VAT for all the islands that were hit by the refugee problem. That is why today we have every reason to be able to look to the future with optimism. And with only nine days from now until the national elections on 21 May, the real issue is to talk about the future, not the past.

You know better than I do whether I kept the commitments I made to you, whether I respected the contract of trust that I asked you to sign in the July 2019 elections. And I kept my commitments and - above all - I kept the country safe against all the crises it faced and had to manage. We have not only shielded our borders, we have also strengthened our national defence, so that we are now sending a message to those who may think of challenging our sovereignty and our sovereign rights to think again.

But because we will have elections in Turkey in two days from now, I want to stress that the next elections are not only about the economy, not only about health, not only about the welfare state, not only about the primary sector. They are also about the country's foreign relations. Today Greece is much stronger than it was in 2019. Our Armed Forces are shielded and you, I am sure, feel much more secure when you know - you may not see them, but you can be sure and confident that they are somewhere above us - when the Rafale is now flying over the Aegean, when the upgraded F-16s are flying over the Aegean, when three new frigates will soon be added to our fleet. This is how a state strengthens its national deterrent capability. And know that we will continue to do so for the next four years without any discount. And without at the same time jeopardizing the country's fiscal objectives. We have proven that finances can be tidy and national defense can be supported at the same time. And that is what we will continue to do.

But, friends, the next four years will primarily be the four years in which we will have to continue the important work that we have started in these four years. In the economy we have made important steps. We are running at a growth rate much higher than the European average and this enables us to have those surpluses to support society against imported precision. I know that precision is still a problem that is plaguing us all. I also know very well that the problem of precision is not only addressed by means of emergency allowances. The Market Pass is very useful as a temporary relief, but the permanent solution to the problem of accuracy cannot be other than to increase wages for all and to support the disposable income of households. We are the ones who took the minimum wage from EUR 650 to EUR 780. We are the ones who will take the minimum wage to EUR 950 and the average wage to EUR 1 500. And remember: inflation will come down at some point. You can already see that it is already starting to decelerate. But wage increases and tax cuts are permanent. The income of Greeks will be permanently supported through a growth policy that only we, my friends, know how to launch today for our country.

But the next four years will not only be the four years of growth, it will also be the four years of a strong social Greece. Let me make a special mention of the very great importance I attach to supporting the National Health System. Today is World Nurses' Day. I want to say a very big thank you to all the workers of the National Health System who fought together to tackle an unprecedented pandemic. But we know that the National Health System needs more support. Ten thousand recruitments will be made over the next four years, four thousand of which will be nurses. I want to be absolutely sure that all the health structures in our country, not only in mainland Greece but also on our islands, are properly staffed. That there are no delays in order to have a regular surgery. That the outpatient departments of our hospitals will be able to receive patients with speed and dignity. That our health centres, which are so important, will be rebuilt and strengthened. All of these are priorities, personal priorities, for me in my second four years. Please know that because I keep my commitments, four years from now Greece will have a different and much better National Health System than it has today.

A special talk about education, about our schools, about our universities. There is, you know, very important work going on in schools, which must continue. If you think about the fact that today kindergarten starts at four, our children are learning English at four, children in elementary school have the opportunity to take free zone classes that they never did in the past. Thirty-six thousand, hold that number, interactive digital whiteboards will be placed in every public school in the country, completely changing the way our children's education is delivered. For our universities, I'll just say a word about our universities. We support regional universities. We will continue to support them. We will enable them to take steps forward. To strengthen their infrastructure. To be able to connect to the local economy, to the local market. To provide our children with degrees that have real value and skills that will be useful tomorrow when they go out into the labour market.

And a word about the green and digital Greece that I envision. The challenges are ahead of us, friends, in terms of climate change. They are here. We know that it is a reality that we have to face. But we also know that as a country we do not want to be dependent on anyone for energy imports. We paid seven billion euros in 2022 for gas imports alone. As we boost solar and wind generation, we will produce cheaper energy and reduce our geopolitical dependencies. At the same time, I want to support all households so that they can reduce their energy footprint and ultimately pay lower electricity bills. The 'Change Water Heater' programme, for example, was launched, opened with great success. All of the 'Save money' programmes will continue. These are programs that support household disposable income because they ultimately lower the bills that you all would pay.

And a word about digital Greece. gov.gr was a revolution in the way the state communicates with its citizens, and this effort will continue, and by 2027 the whole state will be digital. No more hassles, no more queues, no more delays. Of course, this also means investing in the human resources of the state. We will also increase the salaries of civil servants. Five hundred million more in the single payroll. But at the same time we will have demands. Evaluation everywhere and for everyone. I am not backing down from this commitment. Everyone is evaluated and everyone is judged and everyone, ultimately, must be rewarded for the work they do. These, my friends, are the key issues that we will have to address from now on.

I think that's what you are interested in after all. You are not interested in the toxicity that the opposition wants to reproduce, nor in issues that have nothing to do with the daily problems that you face.Be careful, I did not promise you miracles in 2019. I told you that I will work very hard to improve disposable income, to bring jobs, to raise the prestige of the country. And we have achieved all that. But the hard work is still ahead of us. The work we have achieved is important, but it is also fragile. That is why next Sunday's elections are so crucial. I would say it is perhaps the most crucial election since the post-independence period, and I don't say that by accident. I say it because on the other hand there is no real alternative to governance and the policies that our political opponents are proposing are bound to take the country way back.

Simply put, the dilemma is whether to keep going forward or to turn back. Whether we continue to cut taxes and raise incomes or go back to policies of overtaxing the middle class. Whether we will continue to increase the pensions of pensioners, as we did, or whether we will return to the times of the Katrougalos law, the one that crushed your pensions. Some people think that we will forget all that. Whether we will continue with a policy that guards our borders or whether we will return to open border policies. Whether we will continue to invest in our Armed Forces or whether we will pursue other geopolitical pursuits away from our traditional allies.

All these things are still required. So there is a way to be sure that the path of progress that we have painstakingly and painstakingly charted, through forty waves, will continue. There is only one way: for New Democracy to be all-powerful in the ballot box on 21 May, nine days from now.

So that we too can send a message of strength to all our neighbours, that we are a strong country, we are a confident country. Allow me here to open a parenthesis and say something about an extremely unpleasant event that took place in our neighbour Albania this morning, where unfortunately the candidate for Mayor of Himarra and member of the Greek National Minority, Freddy Beleris, was arrested. I want, here from Lesvos, to send a message to our friend Albania. Greece will not accept any discounting of the rule of law and the protection of the rights of the Greek National Minority. If Albania wants to move closer to the European Union, it has an obligation to ensure free and fair municipal elections and to immediately release those whom it has imprisoned so that they can participate in the electoral process.

So, friends, I come back to the crucial dilemmas of the ballot box which will open in nine days from now. You see, wherever I go - I came here this morning from an amazing rally that we held in Volos, I drove across Thessaly yesterday - New Democracy has a strong positive current. Old, traditional, traditional fighters are uniting in our party. I want to thank each and every one of you individually, because I know that you have kept our party standing in difficult times. I would also like to thank the good old friends of Constantine Mitsotakis, he had many friends here on your island and some of them are certainly among us. But I want to welcome new friends to our big political family. Some who joined us in 2019, who trusted us, who did not belong to New Democracy. And some who are thinking of standing with us for the first time in this election because they see, they judge and they compare and they can see the work of the previous government that ruled the country from 2015 to 2019 and they can compare it with the work of our government, what we have done in the last four years.

As I see a lot of youth here, I remembered something I was saying in the 2019 elections. I was talking to some young people at that time and I was saying, "look, I understand that you may not trust us in this election, but I want you to trust us in the next election because you will have assessed the work we have done." You see, at last, that there are politicians who keep their word, who do what they say and when they make mistakes they have the courage to look you in the eye and recognise their responsibility, learn from their mistakes and move forward. That is what accountability in politics ultimately means.

A self-reliant island, a self-reliant North Aegean, a self-reliant New Democracy, a self-reliant Greece. That is what is at stake here. So think about it, two Members of Parliament here from New Democracy, that is the goal. What the others do, as you can see, is of no interest to me. What we do is what we are interested in, what we do between now and the elections, what we do after the elections. But I also want to remind you of something: despite the fact that we have the whole current with us, the last days until the elections are always the most critical. Don't forget something. When the polls open on the morning of May 21, they will be empty, not a single ballot will have been dropped in. But when the polls close, they must be full of New Democracy ballots. I am sure that this will happen all over Greece, it will happen in the North Aegean, it will happen here in Lesvos, and you will ensure that the Aegean is blue, because blue is not only the colour of our party. It is the colour of the Aegean, it is the colour of the sky, it is the colour of the Greek flag, which flies high and proudly over the Aegean and over the whole country. Be well, have a good race, let's go for the great victory and may I return here with an upgraded and strong popular mandate to continue the great work we have begun.

Be well, thank you very much.