Mr. Mayor, Mr. Regional Governor, and friends, first of all, thank you for this very warm welcome. I apologize for the short delay. I made you wait in the sun, but we started a very beautiful tour this morning from Leros, then we went to Lipsi and Arki. I am here with you today in Patmos, first and foremost, to say a big thank you for supporting New Democracy at the polls on May 21st. Here in the Dodecanese, we achieved unprecedented figures for our party, and I ask you to make a bet with me because when you set the bar high, you have to set it even higher. Let's go now and see our percentage "5" on the front exceed 50% in the Dodecanese. We have achieved something unique. All of Greece was blue, all of Greece will remain blue, and citizens will once again trust New Democracy to hold the fate of the country in its hands for the next four years.

You know my love for the Dodecanese, especially for the smaller islands. At this point, I would like to say a special thank you to an amazing Regional Governor, George Hadjimarkos, with whom we have excellent cooperation, just as we have excellent cooperation with your Mayor. Together, we can solve many small and big problems. The truth is that we have direct communication with George Hadjimarkos. He has the comfort to send me frequent messages with small problems that plague you. But if there is one thing - I believe - that we have proven over these four years, it is that there is no problem that is "small" enough that we do not want to deal with because what may be small for us is big for you. And I believe that the results of our policy are the ones that were finally rewarded at the ballot box on 21 May. I think you are also experiencing them here in Patmos, with tourist traffic that is going from good to better, with new investments being made, with more jobs, with better wages.

I always have a great concern for the young people who work seasonally on our islands. I believe that most investments should be made for these children and that wages should eventually go up. Our key commitment for the next four years is to provide better wages for everyone, and we can achieve that as long as the country remains on a growth path.

Of course, all of our islands have their own particularities and problems, mainly related to health. We have taken steps, but we still have a lot more to do. We know better than anyone that a lot of work needs to be done on the level of health and accessibility issues.

The issue of seaplanes, which we have been struggling with for a long time here in Patmos, will be solved. I think it will bring additional quality tourism and provide a direct air link between Patmos and major urban centers.

So we still have a lot of work to do. But if we are to roll up our sleeves and start working on June 26th, the ballot boxes must be refilled with many blue ballots on June 25th. 2.4 million of our fellow citizens have put their trust in us. We can increase that number even more. We will go to the polls in June with the air of a winner, but not with the arrogance that often accompanies a winner who scores a big score. I am here on the island of Revelation, and the result was a revelation. It was certainly a revelation for those who saw Greece as 'black' and saw everything going from bad to worse because that was the image that the opposition presented of the state of our country. We were saying, 'look, the glass is half full, not half empty.' We have taken many important steps in this four-year period. Especially those of you who are close to Turkey know how much safer you feel today with the New Democracy government.

You know that we are the ones who tackled the refugee problem at its root. You know that we are the ones who strengthened the armed forces. You may not see them, but know that the Rafale is flying overhead. The F-35 will join the air force in 2028, as we have received the final approval needed from the US Congress.

And of course, only a strong Greece with strong Armed Forces, strong alliances, and a strong economy can actually negotiate with Turkey on the major dispute, which is none other than the delimitation of maritime zones, EEZ, and continental shelf in the Aegean and the Eastern Mediterranean. You know better than I do that we have nothing to divide with the Turkish people. We were the first to rush to their aid in the devastating earthquake. The men and women of the EMAK were the first to be there with the Greek flag to rescue people trapped in the rubble. We seek to have a good relationship, but always with caution, without making any discount to our sovereignty and our sovereign rights.

This is the challenge of securing a prosperous Greece that we must win. To achieve this, we need your support in the elections on June 25th. I am confident that I will have your support, not only here in Patmos and throughout the Dodecanese, but also across all of Greece. The citizens have drawn their conclusions, and I believe that Greek society demonstrated great maturity in the May 21st election. They rejected lies, division, darkness, and toxicity, and instead voted for progress, development, decency, and political discourse based on sound arguments.

We do not want to fight, nor do we want to get into debates that ultimately do not interest the citizens. Problems, you know, have no color. If you have a shortage here at your health center and you're short a doctor, we have to come in and solve the problem, and that's not a blue problem, that's not a red problem, that's not a green problem.

So we have managed to win the trust of the citizens precisely because we have worked hard with a program, and we have made Greece a better country. We are not where we want to be yet. I want to stress this; we still have a lot of work to do. You know very well that for four years we have had to deal with many major crises at the same time. Think how much more we can do for our country if we have a four-year period of calmer waters ahead of us. But, in any case, I do not want to bore you any longer because here we are in the sun, and you have already waited a long time.

You see that we are "sweating the jersey." However, since we are talking about the New Democracy jersey, it is very heavy, to put it in football terms. Ladies and gentlemen, we have proven that we alone are the great progressive party that can ensure both development and social cohesion. A short while ago, I was in Lipsi and had a conversation with a sponge man who, after 30 years at sea, said something to me: "Always take care of the weakest, those most in need." And in this, he is absolutely right, friends.

If we have achieved anything with our policy, it is to distribute the wealth that we create fairly. However, our first concern is to support the weakest. We are a people's party that stands for social cohesion and wants less inequality in society. At the same time, we know that if you do not create wealth, then you cannot have a discussion about how to distribute it. You have to create it first and then see how to distribute it.

So, my friends, I want to say a big thank you once again. I want to ask you something special here. We have new voters with us, kids who voted for the first time. So I asked them - yes, this is interesting - "What do you guys want?" They said to me, "a gym." Because I'm not just here to talk, I'm here to listen to your demands. Well, your requests will be considered, Mr. District Governor, and we will respond. Do you know why? Because we want young people. I was in Arkansas before. In Arkioi, as you know, there is a student, a teacher - look, she came from Florina, a young girl came from Florina - who even asked me to stay in Arkioi next year so that we can have a school with the Greek flag and a student. And I hope that there will be two and three and more children here. So that you can enjoy the beauties of this place without feeling that you don't have access to the same sports facilities, your request is recorded and we will do something, my Mayor, for the sports facilities on the island.

So, once again, I want to say a big thank you. I want to say again that I want to visit Patmos again and I hope and pray that, with God's help, I will come back in the summer as the Prime Minister of the country. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, be well, let's have a good election and then we can go to the beach. Be well, thank you very much, goodbye.