This Hercules market. Where they are bought and sold.Digitally, like a stock exchange that is bought and sold. The pain. The pain of the households, the pain of the small shops. Crafts. This hercules. I insist it's the world's first, it didn't start here. First they had a dress rehearsal and it's no coincidence that I use an Italian expression in Italy. They built Hercules legally with all the institutional framework in Frankfurt and applied it in Italy on a small scale, small scale and since it was there, usually Greece is the dystopian laboratory for all these things.It was Italy with a much smaller number of red loans, it failed. The system there doesn't matter. The goal was never to succeed. The goal was to eat. And then they brought it here because here we have the highest percentage of red loans in the world. Do you know that? That we have the highest percentage of red loans in the world, we're the champion, like we had the harshest austerity in the human history of capitalism. We had the biggest loans, no. As a percentage of GDP in absolute terms, the memorandum loans were the largest loans ever made to any state by any state. So that's how we have the largest percentage of red loans. In history worldwide today yesterday the day before yesterday 30 years ago. These red loans. Essentially the banks have written them off. They've been backed by the European Central Bank. Do you know that when you're here?
There was no chance of getting a loan for your business from a bank, so for the last four years. Do you know that the Central Bank has lent our four banks 52 billion? To lend to the small and medium enterprises. They didn't even lend 1 euro. Do you know what they did? They kept it in the account held by the National Bank, the Eurobank, Piraeus or alpha, unlike you and us. We do not have an account with the European Central Bank. They gave them the 52 billion and they kept it. In Frankfurt and you know what happened? Because they gave it to them at an interest rate of -0.9% he knows what -0.9% means. It's like paying you to borrow money. That means negative interest. Fine they gave them money and they put an extra 0.9% on it because they borrowed it not because it was savings. Right? They kept it there, they got billions. They were supposed to give it to them so cheaply, at a negative rate. It's like giving you a potato and paying you to take it with the intention of giving it to someone else who needs it, to eat the potato. The middle class was not lent anything, they were eaten by the bankers and at the same time they set up predatory funds together with politicians, together with foreign oligarchs. Based in delaware, jersey. And a bank account in Kaman Island they spent. Your loans to these funds put your homes and cell phones and stores up for auction.And the profits in the Kayman Islands. To put it simply 70 billion and counting. They will leave Greece and go to the Kayman Islands in these accounts where they will never pay any target and no interest and no tax. This system that they've been working on for so many years. In Frankfurt they took it to Italy, they brought it here, it's called Hercules, my friends, compañeras and compañeros, it's called Hercules, right? If it is not abolished. This Hercules market does not save either the first basic houses or the small shops.