This Hercules system is a. A magic goose that spins golden eggs for the coffers. To be considered today by the channels of misery. The oligarchy. The means of mass deception to be taken seriously, Why don't you say crazy things? Have you heard what they say about us? You must promise not to touch that goose that lays the golden eggs for the oligarchy. If you say you will touch it as we say with the Ulysses system that creates a public company to manage red loans, go the loans there is no auction, you stay in, you pay a fee. To freeze your loan. 1/6 of your citizen disposable income and if it's below a certain level your income you pay no fee and you stay there in perpetuity without getting kicked out without getting shut down. It's a shop. That's the public red loan management company; red loans and when at some point. You sell it because the market has gone up, you keep the percentage that's already paid off over the years? And you sort it out. That's the solution, it's really technocratically structured. We've even filed a bill. In December 2000 2020 in Parliament no one dared to criticize, no one dared to criticize our Ulysses, with whom we will replace Hercules. What they are doing is demonizing. He will close the banks. He's a narcissist. You tell them, guys, what are we going to do with Hercules? Varoufakis is a narcissist, guys, what are we going to do with the predatory funds that we will have and you know we have guaranteed them 22 billion 23 If they don't get a minimum of 23 billion out I told you 70 we have guaranteed them 23 we will give them 23 from what money from what money we don't have we will borrow again from the predators to give to the predators? When we say that, the answer, you know, is that Varoufakis was recording the Eurogroups. He is not credible. So we are honoured and proud of their hatred, the hatred of the troika, of Schäuble, of Gollum, of the European Central Bank, of Lagarde, of Draghi. Mitsotakis and Tsipras we love their hate, we want their hate, if they didn't hate and try to change the debate, then we would have an existential problem. We would be in agony.