We have to move on. That goose? With the golden eggs. Socialize it, nationalize it, lay golden eggs for the Greek people. But she's not the only magic goose we have to squeeze out of the oligarchs. There is also the energy exchange. It doesn't sound too technocratic. You're listening to the New York Stock Exchange. London Stock Exchange, derivatives exchange, commodities exchange in Chicago. Energy exchange would be nice, huh. Look. In a country where 2/3 of the Greek people have been burned by the stock market. Remember the one they call a scandal?Talking about a stock market and trying to force the Greek people to say it's a good idea. But it takes some nerve, but they have succeeded because they have the channels of mass deception. What is an energy exchange? Let me tell you what. It is something worse than neoliberalism. Let me explain. Who was the high priestess of neoliberalism? The first teacher, remember Margaret Thatcher. What did she say then about energy? I'll talk specifically which was the neoliberal viewpoint I say and you know it sounded. Persuasive at the time not to us on the left, but to the general public and that's why she was winning election after election. It was saying, why you guys? I, who am the prime minister and I am a politician, to choose through the public utility what the price of electricity will be? Why me? I know better. I don't want to be the prime minister and I don't want it to be me or the director I have put in the PPC to choose. Here's what we're going to do. How much is the kilowatt hour? It's 100 euros now, isn't it? Well, look what we'll do. We'll privatize the electricity, we'll leave a lot of people. We'll let private people come in and generate electricity. We'll break the existing PPC into pieces, they'll take what pieces there are and others will come in and build new power plants.
We will put the 100 € you are paying now, we will put a ceiling on it. We will say 100 is today the price should never exceed 100. So the people have nothing to lose from privatisation. If the competition between the private parties brings the price down below 100, we will win. That is liberalism. The state puts in. A cap and competition down. That's Thatcherism. To see that SYRIZA in 2018. My friend, my former friend and my brother from university George Stathakis who was a minister at the time. Do you remember the fiery speeches he made on TV that the energy exchange would bring us cheaper electricity? He was much further to the right than Thatcher. Thatcher they see and competition will push them further down. The price for every kilowatt hour. Here they put a cap. Is there a rule? There's a cap on the energy exchange price, not the market. The exchange being the market. Yes, but you don't need to know much about stock exchanges, about finance and economics. Little mind to know that a stock market like a farmers' market to make a farmers' market work requires a lot of citizens? If a man sells tomatoes, he has a monopoly. He can sell anything he wants. If he has 50 people selling tomatoes, okay, one of them will lower the price to get customers from the other and the price will be relatively low in the farmers' market. The same is true in the stock market. But there must be thousands of players, or at least hundreds of players, in a stock exchange. The Greek energy stock exchange has 5. Latsis, Vardinoyannis, Mytilineos, Peristeri. So did the voting of a London hedgefund that took our PPC. A stock exchange with 5 is not a stock exchange, it's a coffee shop. Not even Kalamata's. Kyparissia. Fewer people in this coffee shop are among the horde of oligarchs, the ones I mentioned and they say, guys, what to put the price on them today without a limit, without a cap, not even the Thatcherite cap. Do you know what those who judge know; that you will not be brought to your knees so much tomorrow? That you will either rise up against them to take their head. So either you can't buy electricity tomorrow. They put the price where they think they can achieve the maximum looting of Greek men and women consumers. These are the principles of the system. What we say is abolish the energy exchange. A cap. A maximum of 5% above the average cost of production. Is it so hard to imagine a human being saying that?
Varoufakis. He was recording the Eurogroup. We can't listen to him, he's unreliable. Will he close the banks the same story? He eats children for breakfast. He killed Ioannis Kapodistrias. He gave Mitsotakis the idea for the €100 fine. That's the talk.That's the talk, he's wearing weird shirts now I've been banned by the dandy and look how I am. I'm even more boring now, aren't I?