There is a third goose that they have set up to lay the golden eggs for the oligarchy called the Superfund. Superfund. In English. They ask us about the executioner's will and in the executioner's will in what other country in Europe does it say it has been implemented; implemented? They don't ask us? You don't tell me in which other European country has the Superfund been implemented? In what other country in the world is there a super fund? None. Are you aware that we are pioneers in this too? Do you know what a super fund is? You create a fund and put all the public property in it, whatever is left, because it has not been sold. It already puts in all the public property and gives it to the lenders, to the foreigners. This, not even the Wehrmacht achieved. The Wehrmacht didn't achieve that. The British Empire in India didn't achieve that. They have achieved it here; by signing a coalition government of the Radical Left with a democratic and radically leftist legitimacy. We realize this. When we talk about capitulation. That night of 05/07 we are not talking theoretically. We are talking in practice. A country that has given all its property to foreigners. Without occupation. At least military occupation, we have occupation, we don't have military occupation, but at this moment you should know that Hitler, if he was somewhere and he was watching, would say what an idiot I was, they have achieved everything without the Wehrmacht. Let's go. We sent some representatives. And through their mass deception media and the local oligarchs, we got what we wanted, we got the airports, we got the trains, we got the ports, we got. Their loans, which they made, we made because they are bankrupt, to milk it for us. We have to admit them. It is I could not imagine such a plan to plunder a people, nor would I even try to get paid. Think of a plan of plunder, so sophisticated the Super Fund. We will abolish it. That goose with the golden eggs. Of foreign and local oligarchs, because Latsis got the Greek from where?All these people and so on. What are they doing? They have fallen. With claws and claws on the Superfund with the permission of the lenders, together with their partners. We'll abolish the public property. We're not taking it to the Treasury. We will take it to the new development bank to be the capital base of the new public development bank of the country. Do they listen to this and what do they say, Varoufakis was recording the yurogroups, don't listen to him? They have not been done anywhere in Europe of course they have not been done anywhere. In Europe there has never been a super fund in Europe. No country, not even its ruling class, has accepted to be humiliated to such an extent.