And of course, when you have these three sacred geese, when you have the debt serfdom. With the national debt the complete dependency. A dependency of which there are many. You arrive in a city in the country, for example? Let's say it's called Kalamata and you take a squadron of the air force and give it to the Israeli air force to train Turks and Israelis in. Types of warfare that certainly have nothing to do with arming our country and our national independence. You have a country that. There's a war going on right next to us. And instead of intervening? As we have an internationalist duty, first of all to condemn the invader, I've been out, I've got a hair on my tongue condemning Putin. At the same time at the same time. To demand an immediate ceasefire and the return of troops from all sides. To their camps, thirdly, suggest. The way in which this peace process will be conducted here, what do we have? Do you have a SYRIZA? Whose leader has accepted the thanks, not only of Latsis. But also of a Mr. Pyatt. You remember Mr. Pyatt was the United States Ambassador here until relatively recently, until Mr. Tsunis. Whoever Pawat. When he left Greece, he formally thanked, he was no longer Prime Minister Tsipras Mr. Tsipras because he says he showed me Alexandroupolis as a very good base for the U.S. military. That has never been done before. Until now, that is, since 1946, when the colonial baton passed from Britain to the United States and the United States took over. And we moved on. Into the second part of the civil war, under; the Americans since then the Americans have been coming in and saying, this is what I want. I want this and I want this and I want that. There was no chance that he didn't want something and a Greek prime minister would go and say you know what? This is very, very good. Take it and that something is Alexandroupolis. Do you know we have 120 flights every day? With war material we don't know, the flights are dark. They come, service takes off. We don't know where they're going, what they're carrying. They certainly don't carry. The message. To Putin on one side and to Gelensky on the other side, that it's time to stop killing Ukrainians, it's time to kill, no more killing Russians. It is time to stop pushing things into a nuclear war, to stop adding fuel to the fire of a new Cold War between China and the United States. How can there be a proud independent national policy?When we go and give them Alexandroupolis in the name of the Left. And we certainly put it in the sights of nuclear warheads. Both on one side and the other.