Friends, fellow travellers, compañeras and comrades. We say break for the first time. Because there has never been a rupture before to those who say to you, but what have we tried the 15-month rupture, you guys, and it didn't work? It's impossible to try something again when you haven't tried it. Previously the 15 hasn't, there hasn't been a rupture some of us were working on the rupture. Some of us were speaking the language of the breach. We were killing ourselves working on the eurogroup and the recording was part of the rupture. Because inside the Eurogroup but they were saying other things outside and they were saying it inside.
And only when I told them and looked them in the eye and I said I was sorry, but I'm writing it down since you're not keeping a record of it. I will write them down so that you can't say other things outside of what you say inside and then they stopped talking against it too. That was something. That was a small form of a break from a minister alone, as it turned out Mr. Tsipras, he did me a great honour basically the other day he admitted. That. Elsewhere I was in the struggle for the break elsewhere he was. On the road to capitulation. There was no break in 15. Do you know when there would have been a break on the night of the referendum if a brave Prime Minister had come out and said, if you have not opened up the liquidity of the banks by Wednesday lunchtime, we are activating the parallel payment system which is the beginning of the hangman's noose. We are cutting the bonds we owe you. And we are putting in place procedures for our own currency if we have to, then we would have a throwing and then we would see what would happen this was never tried. We. We're not going to do anything. No aggressive move against Brussels. Against Frankfurt, no nothing. We will be elected. And we will legislate our programme. We'll abolish Hercules. We'll abolish, we'll put in Ulysses. Whoever is absolute, by the way. Absolutely enforceable within these flimsy rules of the European Union. Not in line with what the memeonists have signed, but what the memeonists have signed. And I say this clearly and I denounce it. They have nothing to do with European law. They thought it up themselves.