There is also our own narrative. It's not just our narrative, it's the guerrilla narrative. It's also the KKE's, it's also non-aligned. The one the networks call antisystemic. That's a long conversation. This characterization of our narrative is that this country is not sustainable. In this context. In which we have been placed. The meme-centric governments. This country is simply not sustainable. It doesn't even matter everyone. And all with one voice. Without any differentiation or conflict between us, all united. To lift this country up within this framework that our governments have agreed to since 2010. This country will be deserted with mathematical precision. It's not just the national debt. Which of course it is. It's the building material of which the prison, the debt prison that Greece is living in, has been built. Let me remind you that I have seen some young people who. No reason to remember that two thousand 10 in 2010 Greece went bankrupt because we had an income of 220. And to debt 300 and we went bankrupt. And we saw what happened to us over the years. 300 debt 220 income today. 192. Instead of 220. Equal, 400 this year. If we were failures in 2010, what are we now, the networks will tell you as a staicurus. Tsakalotos. They don't need to mention PASOK, it's not interesting. This PASOK, this gang called PASOK still. They tell us, yes, but our debt has been adjusted so that the payments are bearable; it is true, they have adjusted it this year they will pay relatively much less than we are required to pay in 2015 to the lenders though. Friends. This arrangement can in 5 minutes be changed. This regulation is. With conditions. At any time the lenders until 2060. Read the memorandum signed in August 2018 by Alexis Tsipras and Euclid Tsakalotos, the fourth memorandum, which of course they called it an exit from the memorandum. Because, as George Orwell explained in his 1984 novel, a truly authoritarian regime reverses the meaning of words.
You call what is the worst fourth, longest memorandum a post-memorandum, exit from the memorandum and it immediately becomes much more palatable. That's the principle of Goebbels' propaganda. You reverse the truth, create a huge lie and repeat it over and over again. That's what they do. But if you see. The details of this deal. Which is until 2060 the fourth memorandum, you'll see it's clear. The payments remain relatively small, not that they are small; relatively small. Provided. We keep to the terms. In other words. If you go to reduce VAT? Which in Greece is 24%, when in Germany it's 10.9%. And when in the midst of a pandemic Merkel fevered VAT from 24 and went from 19 and went to 16. I had asked our Finance Minister, then of Staikura saw we do it and we guys this does not let us? What do you think the poet meant? They do not leave us a condition to have a relatively small instalment this year We cannot do what we want to do, that is to be a sovereign country, to choose the VAT, which is compatible with the sustainability of the country. In other words, the debt remains; the weapon with which foreign lenders. Frankfurt, Brussels, Berlin, Berlin, Washington The weapon with which foreign lenders. Do not allow us to pursue policies that would be compatible with Greece's sustainability. This is the public debt, we know it.