I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for this warm, human welcome here in Preveza. For your presence here. Fellow citizens of Preveza, it is a great pleasure to be here with you. It is a great pleasure to see this passion, this optimism, this faith. Today at noon in Arta, now in Preveza, wherever I go, wherever I am these days, I am not looking for people to greet me. The streets are full, the squares are full, they are full of optimism. They are filled with self-confidence. Others are looking for people to greet them.

Precisely because this slogan to get rid of the worst right-wing government that has ruled since the post-war period is the feeling of the vast majority of people regardless of what they voted for in previous elections. And we're not just appealing to the left and progressives. We are addressing all Greeks, centre left, centre right, and we are saying to them what you feel, that is, that this terrible widening of inequalities, this daily pain of not even being able to go to the supermarket, of not being able to pay the electricity bills, of not being able to fill the car's tank with petrol, this daily pain has to stop.

No longer can households in the third week of the month be unable to afford the salary and income disappear before the third week of the month. The Greek people, the vast majority of them, feel. A feeling that can be expressed in just two words, huh? And we believe that everything that is happening around us has not succeeded. We may be told that punctuality is imported, but obscenity is not imported at all. The obscenity has the stamp of Mr Mitsotakis and his government, because it is not possible for our country to be the country with the most expensive electricity price in the whole of Europe. It is not possible for our country to be the country with the most expensive price of petrol in Europe. It is not possible for us to have the lowest per capita income in the whole of Europe, together with Bulgaria, that is, to have the lowest wages in Europe, but for our supermarket prices to be in competition with those found in Germany, in France, in countries with high wages

And I say it worked and it didn't work. Because at the same time that the vast majority of households can't afford it, we see this record profitability in excess profits.We see companies, not many fifteen or so on the stock exchange, having record profitability for twenty years with over a billion each, we see energy companies saving 3.6 billion in 22 years, refineries two and a half billion in the banks, another two and a half billion in the banks, another over 10 billion. The excess profits in 2022. At a time when the vast majority of households can't afford it. And what is Mr Mitsotakis doing to address this situation. Not only does he not tax the excess profits, but he keeps the value added tax the excise tax high with indirect taxes in order to plunder the income of the middle class and the weak to fill the public coffers with super revenues to give some allowances with which he asks us to pay for electricity, supermarket, gasoline. He promised 19 that he would support the middle class, and that is what he has done to the middle class. To live with coupons coupons for the supermarket, coupons for electricity, coupons for petrol everywhere, a You go everywhere, but in the end you go nowhere You go nowhere, you don't go with Mitsotakis's policy Because it is a policy that supports only the powerful, the cartels, the rich and not the great social majority, because it is a policy that supports only the powerful, the cartels, the rich and not the great social majority.

So we have.I want to dedicate this slogan to the friends of the other progressive forces in the country and tell them that if there is one legacy of our people's struggles and conquests for change for democracy, it is to remember that our enemy is not the other progressive forces. Our enemy is one of Mr Mitsotakis' right-wing. He is our enemy. He is our opponent.

And of course, if some people have forgotten what our Right means, they have reminded us with their policies over these four years. They reminded us with their policies we left the public debt big but regulated 356 billion amount is regulated today? 406 billion. The Mitsotakis government increased the public debt by 50 billion, the private debt by 40 billion and increased the current account balance tenfold, the trade balance, that is, our exports are much less, 10 times less than imports than in 2019. These are the successes of the Mitsotakis government.

And he has other successes. 10 billion in direct awards and closed tenders to companies that were made 3 days before the money was given corruption everywhere has turned the country into a vast corruption house. Everybody knows everybody. We know that there is no justice in the country and all this in a context of authoritarianism of democracy with surveillance. Shrinking of the European rule of law, illegal surveillance taking place next door to the Prime Minister's Office, half the political system under surveillance and information. Information in position 108 and yesterday we made a great leap from position 108 to position 107, congratulations to Mr Mitsotakis and his government.

So we are addressing all citizens and we are telling them that these elections are crucial for their daily lives. We are not only asking for a change of government, we are asking and seeking to bring change in the lives of citizens, in the everyday life of citizens and we submitted the day before yesterday an 11 article contract, which we call to sign together on May 21. We and the democratic progressive citizens, the Greek people, so that everyone knows when they vote for Syriza on May 21 what they are voting for. What exactly they are voting for, and it will be the basis on which we will call on progressive forces to form a government of progressive cooperation the day after the elections, because this country must be governed with stability by a long-term government, but one that will change people's lives and everyday life.

And what do they say? These 11 articles of our contract, the 11 articles of our contract say above all this fourfold. Many times in my meetings I say so that we can easily understand what SYRIZA will bring the next day? Wage increases, price reductions, debt regulation and a just strong welfare state, an effective state next to the citizen. We invite, we invite all citizens to study our proposals; we invite the progressive forces to take a stand on this programme and tell us where they disagree; Mr Mitsotakis is trying to discredit it. Every time we hear a proposal that wants to support society, we are told one thing: where will you find the money, eh? They cost up our programme three times over, supposedly to prove that it is unrealistic. But who, E they cost it 3 times over 4 years, 3 times over 4 years and instead of telling the truth that it costs 4 years? EUR 22 billion, five and a half million a year it costs, they said it costs 80. Once they told us 25 then they said 45 then they said 45 then 85 with 70 they have also lost count, but I wonder, you atheophobes, one year you gave 50 billion in subsidies to day labourers subsidies that did not work and you are afraid that we will give 80 in four years?

Are you afraid because you know that what we are saying?They resonate with Greek society and above all Greek society knows that this time SYRIZA Progressive Alliance is asking for the only chance to govern on the basis of its programme, because all the Greek people know that we governed in 15, 19 not with our own programme, but with the constraints of the Troika, when they were shouting "Yerun the hard way" and "Souble the hard way". We governed with these constraints. And we got Greece out of bankruptcy and we cleaned up their own mess and we regulated the debt and we left 37 billion in the public coffers. The only government that has been in the country since the post-war period that no one could claim that it didn't deliver the goods that it delivered chaos. We were the only government that governed with honesty and made sure that we did what was good for the country in the public interest, defying the costs, both political and in relation to the fact that we took the country out of the memoranda and left the debt and in relation to the fact that we took difficult decisions in order to defend the patriotic interest. And where are all those Macedonian gladiators of that period who have been hiding all these years, telling us that we betrayed Macedonia in order to save pensions?

So I want to commit to you today, citizens of Preveza, to commit before you that these 11 articles of our contract will be put into practice. Because now we know, now we can, now we can? Yes, we can, we are no longer under the memoranda. Imagine citizens of Preveza, we governed with the obligation. To bring 40 billion into the public coffers to bring the country to the markets. To bail out the future of our children who left it muddy. Those who bankrupted us. Imagine if we had the opportunity, like these people here who are in power and have found everything ready to spend 50 billion instead of bringing 40 into the public coffers, we would have the situation we have today. Would that money have gone to day labourers and direct commissions without us knowing where it went? We would not have built public hospitals, strong with dignity for people to have care regardless of their income. We would not have supported small and medium sized business. We would not have supported young people with the problem of the housing crisis. We would not have had schools with teachers, with books on time, we would have had them and you know it all too well and today we have none of that because it is the choice of the Mitsotakis government to support the powerful and leave the vast majority at the mercy.

And what do we see these days, what do we see and what do we read? The great redistribution of income has been done through high VAT and the various subsidies that they give to consumers to pay the companies to keep prices high. What comes after May 21. Would it come if it didn't come that the big political change would come about can you be sure of that? What they had planned and had in the works. It's also a major redistribution of property. They testify and they testify themselves hey read the front page of the news today what does it say? Mitsotakis at one point presented a programme that would supposedly solve the big issue of the country's housing crisis. The fact that young people can't have their own tells young couples what to do about having a family. We see children staying until they are 35. A way of saying e until 35 in the parental home and this comes to give an explanation for the country's dramatic problem which is demographics, that the country is getting older. He supposedly put together a program a year ago. Our home program. That's kind of what he said. How did they respond, how many applied, just 20,000 applied because they didn't meet the criteria and how did 1300 get approved and what does the newspaper say today the new 1300 Only because there are no homes, it says, there are no homes and how are we going to find homes. How do they think they are going to deal with the problem from the 700,000 mortgages that have gone through the banks, the funds and the tsunami of foreclosures to come? The next day, if Mr Mitsotakis is re-elected Prime Minister, this is his plan.

So we reply to Mr Mitsotakis, who tells us every time that our programme costs more and more, we reply that our programme costs almost half of what you have given for direct awards to day labourers all these years and our programme for the protection of the first home, rural land and commercial housing does not cost anything. It's a political decision, it's a political decision. To protect by legislation the first home, to repeal the bankruptcy law that you passed and to put a framework on the operation of the crowdfunders who want to turn middle class property into their own property for their own prey for profit. These are our commitments.

As well as our commitment. It is to support, as I said before, public health and public education. I see and I know very well what you are pulling here in Preveza with the public hospital and I know very well because in difficult conditions of fiscal surveillance we fought a tough battle, we took over a public hospital here with 29 doctors we handed over 45 and today while we had 5 surgeons, the surgical clinic is not working, nor the pathology, despite the fact that we went through covid and that in the period of the pandemic we all supposed. Do you remember when they hypocritically applauded the Doctors and nurses on the balconies, where is that applause? What happened to those applause left the Doctors and Nurses at their mercy Not only did they not support, they went ahead and privatised the NHS. So our commitment, our obligation and our moral obligation is to rebuild the national health system, to give. to motivate young doctors to stay in the country, to come and join the national health system, to make permanent those who fought the battle of the pandemic on the front line, risking their lives, then doctors and nursing staff, auxiliary doctors and nursing staff, and to use the resources of the Recovery Fund to build public hospitals, not to finance the powerful few that Mr Mitsotakis's government is financing.

622 million I was reading yesterday on the European website EUR Coast the first 622 million in loans this Recovery Fund have gone. Where do you think it went to 13 companies of the deep rich, who apparently have the ability to borrow from our country's banks. But they are getting low interest from the Recovery Fund in order to refinance their loans at a higher interest rate than the Greek banks, to make a profit and the vast majority 96% of small and medium enterprises in our country cannot even get out of the banks, because the banks only lend to those who can prove that they do not need to borrow. That is the reality. These are the great inequalities, and these are the great inequalities that we want to break, so we say and we say again that the National Bank should become the public pillar of the financial system, that we should use the money of the Greek taxpayers, that the National Bank should become the National Bank to give loans to small and medium-sized entrepreneurs so that they can do business.

But I was talking about health. And for Preveza. It is our commitment to look at the issue of the hospital in Preveza. It is the oldest hospital building in the country, and it is our commitment to move forward with the studies and to use resources from the Recovery Fund for a new modern hospital in Preveza. Because the county needs a new modern hospital.

You are well aware that the government of the New Democracy has devalued almost every region of our country, but especially with the continent it seems. It had something more, a revanchism to say a vindictiveness, to say, I don't know, they don't like it very much. Continent. Maybe they want to get back at it for supporting and giving firsts to SYRIZA over the years. Maybe they want to take revenge for the fact that I come from this place. I do not know what the reason is. What I do know is that even at the last Development Conference in Ioannina, Mr Mitsotakis did not say a word about Preveza. Not a word about your prefecture.

Under difficult, very difficult circumstances, we tried to do things in the place.We established a Local Health Unit, we staffed the health centres, we built an ambulance service in Mesopotamos, going to Parga, where today the ambulance service operates with only one shift, which is. We completed the reconstruction of the swimming pool in Preveza, a constant source of insecurity for the residents. They reconstructed the harbour shelters. We completed the indoor gym in Kanalaki. We watered the whole area from the canal to the sandy beach, because a holiday tourist area has no water, it cannot have a perspective. But we did do substantial works.But we did do works on the roads, too. We found Ionia Street and Olympia Street finished. Why didn't the excellent technocrats, the technocrats, have a falling out with the contractors over kickbacks? That was the truth and we who were not excellent, who were not technocrats, completed the roads and put Western Greece on the map. Of course we found something else then. We found the interconnection of Preveza in the drawers. Why do I have to say this? Preveza is the only law that does not have a connection with its ionia, because we found the study on the interconnection of Preveza with the Ionian Way in the drawers and we funded to get the studies out of the drawers so that they could be redone. It has been frozen for 4 years now because there is this vindictiveness on the part of the New Democracy government. I am sure that you will give them the answer they deserve. On the 21st of this month I am sure of it.

But I want to tell you. Two more words about this election? These elections are the first elections with simple proportional representation. But that does not mean that they are elections where simple logic does not apply. It does not mean that in these elections we are not voting on who will govern us. And it is certain that the party that comes first will be able to form the government. Don't listen to what they tell you. They talk as if it's a given that we're going to have a by-election. There are no by-elections. Mitsotakis has revealed his plans, perhaps unintentionally, the day before yesterday, Mr Skertsos said, he will use the exploratory mandate. And I'll sign it to you if he's even half a point ahead, he will do everything in his power not to risk a by-election, to make the government either by blackmail or by pressure or by plans to defect. They know well of these they have the knowhow. They will try to make a rag-tag government from the first Sunday there will be no second

This is why we are addressing. To every democratic and progressive citizen. The vote has been given equal weight in Parliament for the first time in history, but the vote carries weight and what you vote for will come out the next day. This plan is for Mr Mitsotakis to take advantage of the relaxed election climate and come first, even by half a point to make the rag-tag government sit for another 4 years. There is only one way it can be thwarted by a victory for SYRIZA Progressive Alliance on Sunday May 21. Therefore, we call on progressive citizens, democratic citizens to realize that only a SYRIZA victory can pave the way for change and the formation of a progressive government on the next election day. And of course we invite you to reflect. On the evening of May 21, there are 2 possible outcomes. SYRIZA's premiership that will bring change or the premiership of the new democracy. So who do we want to celebrate on election night? The cartels, the interests, the powerful, the day laborers or do we want the people to celebrate, to go out on the street, to celebrate all democratic, progressive citizens, because a day of hope will open for the country.

So we invite you to realize and together we all realize. That the great dilemma of the ballot box is, do we change or do we continue to sink, is every household in the country going to continue to be unable to make it through the month. Will we continue to not be able to go to the supermarket, to not be able to pay the electricity Because the salary will not be enough or will we give a breathing space with wage increases, price reductions and debt regulation will we go ahead with the plan of 700,000 auctions of the middle class housing of the professional; the professional housing and the agricultural land or will we go to sustainable regulations or will we restore justice to the country. So, therefore, all these dilemmas that I am putting to you are condensed into a substantial dilemma on 21 May. Mitsotakis, or change? SYRIZA Progressive Alliance Mitsotakis, these dilemmas.

Not just strong, but we're going full steam ahead these two weeks to bring big change and big victory to the ballot box. A little while ago, half an hour ago. Just before I came to talk to you. My phone rang. It was Poppy Tsapanidou. She informed me. That the Mega television station had sent an invitation to me and Mr Mitsotakis the week after next for the two of us to go there for a debate to inform the Greek people about the positions of the parties that are contesting the primacy. Do you think I should go? What do you think he'll come? He's not coming because he's not coming, guys? He won't come, he won't come because he's really scared. Anyone who is afraid cannot claim the vote of the Greek people, anyone who has no arguments cannot claim the vote of the Greek people. The time of crisis is coming, Mr Mitsotakis, I invite you to come to a personal confrontation, while you are now being invited to a debate by television stations, how can you refuse? Why do you refuse what are you afraid of? What do you have to fear, you who are racing to victory? Listen to me. Come on. In a debate otherwise. Believe me, you will not be glorified by hiding, no one in this place was glorified by hiding.

The truth is that not only me, but any TV interview with journalists who don't give him prepared questions, he doesn't go scared. Let him be, let him do what he thinks the Greek people have drawn their conclusions, I will wait for him there and I will wait for him there and let him not come. But he will certainly come to the meeting on 21 May, whether he wants to or not. It is the Greek citizens who vote, not the parrots, not the pollsters, it is the Greek citizens who vote, and there we will see at the end of the day what the response of the Greek people will be. So I would like to invite you. In the three weeks that are left, less all these days, we should not lose a moment to meet with the people, to talk to the people, to present our programme, our arguments and to have the optimism that we can build a Greece that we deserve.

We do not deserve this Greece of corruption, inequalities, injustice. We can bring equality, justice, democracy to power. For the young children, for the middle class, for the weak, for the hard-working people, for the people of cultural creativity, to create a better tomorrow for our country, we deserve it and we can do it. You can do it with your vote and with your presence in the coming days to pave the way for the great change that our country needs. Be well, good strength, good power, good struggles and with victory.