This is, in a nutshell, the "stability" that the next government of the Southwest promises to ensure: stability for capital, of course, but which means more instability and insecurity for the people. But in the goal of this stability for capital, both ND and SYRIZA and PASOK meet. As much as capital needs a government that will implement its goals, it also needs a "consensual", "systemic" opposition that will "back down" on the difficult, important, and critical issues in order to increase the profits of the few. And such a "muff" opposition existed and still exists: SYRIZA and PASOK, along with other small parties, are satellites of the others. SYRIZA and PASOK implemented the same policy as governments, passing memoranda and hundreds of implementing laws. They supported the same policy as the "opposition", backing all the strategic choices of capital. In the four previous years, they voted for 50% and 70% of the laws of the ND, respectively, and called for ministers of common consent with the ND. It is this policy that leads to the disillusionment of the people. This is the policy that brought the ND in 2019, this is the policy that led to its great victory in the last elections, as the alleged lesser evil. Besides, the stumbling blocks that these parties put in the effort for massification, for the development of the labor movement and workers' struggles are well known. What should we remember? What Syriza used to say, such as "we'll settle accounts later," when workplaces were full of coronavirus because of the lack of protection measures against employers and the concealment of cases? That he was saying that "strikes against the Hatzidakis abomination will not work," only to go on to vote for half? The collusion between PASOK, ND, SYRIZA to form a presidency in the GSEE? The formation of a "functional" presidium in the ECT by the same forces, leaving out the forces that support the KKE, which is the 2nd force, because they know that they will spoil the soup of consensus and social cohesion? You see SYRIZA and Mr. Tsipras care about who governs at all levels, he is not indifferent, as he dared to say about the KKE the other day here in Northern Greece. That is why he is 'fighting' the right with Antonaris, Marantzidis, and other such fiddlers. That is why in Patras he is allied with ND and PASOK against the communist mayor, Kostas Peletidis. That is why in Peristeri he supports the mayor of the Southwest, Pachaturidis. That's why in Kaisariani he has a common candidate with ND and PASOK to prevent the election of a communist mayor. You would think that not only does he care, but he did his best to get Mitsotakis' ND to rule again. So let him not wag his finger at the KKE. Not only do we care, but we will be the only ones who will fight against the next unpopular government of ND. Friends, in the question of their profits or our lives, ND, SYRIZA, PASOK, and the other wildcard parties choose profits. That is why they cannot give real opposition to each other. This is the law they serve and advertise in their programs.