But what else does these four years leave us with? Apart from social plunder, it also leaves us with a traumatised democracy. A democracy that is suffering from the manipulation of the media, the manipulation of justice, the illegal surveillance. It has tried during these four years to build a regime, an authoritarian democracy. He watched from his office half of the political system, opponents and enemies, even the leadership of the Armed Forces, and with the help of propaganda he made lies and distortion, normality. Nine months of lying about the great wiretapping scandal. "I didn't know" he said, "it was all done without my knowledge" he said and he hid behind national secrecy. But there it was. It only took him to just come to a debate and with the first tough question... storm! He martyred himself, he confessed. A scandal of wiretapping and no national speech, he confessed, to keep tabs on half the political system.
He admitted his own lies and guilt. But he still remains in his position untouched, everyone remains untouched. Everybody! In her place is the prosecutor of the NSA, Ms. Vlachou the Honourable, who signed up to have all these politicians, journalists, financial actors monitored. And if there was no national reason, she was illegally signing but she remains in her position. At home and not on the stool of justice, the commander of the NSA, who was appointed there without a degree because he was a friend of Mr Mitsotakis. All those who committed felonies. And in their place, the prosecutors, who are supposedly investigating, are apathetic and indifferent without having taken a single step to unravel this great scandal. Where is the Honorable Prosecutor of the Supreme Court, after Mitsotakis' confession that there was no national reason, to invite Ms. Vlachou to his office to explain why he signed to make these illegal wiretaps? But all he knew how to do was to put obstacles in the way of an honest judge, the head of the Independent Authority for the Safeguarding of Privacy, who found the evidence of the crime in the telecommunications providers.