Citizens of Kavala, I think your gathering today is a very big message, a strong message to those who think that these elections will be a walk in the park for the forces that have made our lives black. In this election we will see a better day. I see it here today in your rally, in your faces. It is a big surprise to me that this is a big rally, bigger than any other rally we have had here in Kavala. And it is a response to those who cannot recognize that SYRIZA has deep roots in society. That SYRIZA on May 21 can be first and by far and make the hope for a great change in this country a reality.

I want to thank you warmly, to thank you for your passion, for your presence, for your fighting spirit. And I must tell you how happy and joyful I feel every time I come to this city. It is a part of my childhood memories, half of my heart belongs here to you, to beautiful Kavala, to your place, to our place. I also want to say that it is a pleasure and an honour for me to be here in this place, which, apart from being a place of personal memories, is also a place of great struggles. Because we cannot forget that Kavala is synonymous with the working class, the city of the tobacco worker, the city that has fought and struggled for decades, in dark and difficult times.
The city where the first big strike in the Balkans took place in 1896. But also the city that today is re-coloured with the colour of the struggle of the workers in the fertiliser and oil industries of Kavala. A struggle of which we are all proud, a struggle that we want to be vindicated and we are committed to vindicate. A struggle for work and dignity. Work and dignity! Yes, we are not asking for anything more, but we will only win this dignity through struggle and through our vote on 21 May. I want us all to shout this slogan nine days from today. On May 21, with the result of the elections, our people should celebrate, the cartels and the powerful should not celebrate, the interests should not celebrate. That is why we are seeking and we believe that we will certainly succeed in achieving a great victory for SYRIZA, which will mean a victory for the people and a victory for democracy.

Citizens of Kavala, what I think everyone is expecting today, because many people say - of course they were saying this before they saw your gathering today - that "the climate of this election is more subdued than in other elections". But what every citizen - and I can assure you of this, I have been all over the country these days - is that something will finally change in their lives. The basic feeling for every citizen, whether they voted for us or for other parties in the last election, whether they are left-wing or right-wing or centrist, the basic feeling, if they are not privileged, of course, if they do not have a vested interest in believing that things should continue as they are, the basic feeling for the majority of citizens is one: Enough is enough! No more obscenity. No more arrogance. No more of this indifference. Enough with family rule. Enough with injustice. This is the basic feeling from coast to coast all over the country. And this feeling has to do with the fact that for four years now injustice has become the status quo in our country.

And I want to remind you what Mr Mitsotakis promised in 2019: support for the middle class, better wages, better jobs and an executive -again!- state. And what did he do four years later? He made the rich richer, that's what he achieved. But the poor poorer and the middle poorer.  He reduced the middle class to living on food stamps. Vouchers to go to the supermarket, vouchers to put gas in the car, vouchers to pay for electricity. Income ends in the 3rd week of the month for most families, most households, overtime is unpaid, the eight-hour day is gone. Where are the best jobs?

Pensioners are now without dignity. He was supposedly saying that what SYRIZA was giving was peanuts, but he took away the 13th pension that we introduced when we came out of the memoranda and abolished it, he never gave the retroactive pension, despite the decision of the Council of State. 7 billion less to pensioners in these four years. But, most importantly, a pension of 700 euros four years ago had 40% more purchasing power. Today, this pension is not even enough for electricity, rent, basic obligations. So, the workaholics are plunged into insecurity, because today they cannot afford even a single gift for their grandchildren, and this life of insecurity is not worth it, neither for the workaholics nor for the young people. For none of our fellow citizens is this prospect of destitution worth it.

He ordered a staff state and we saw the staff state in the tragedy of Tempe, in this unspeakable crime. Because they appointed a man who was not even qualified to hold the lives of 57 people in his hands by party buffoonery. This is the staff state that we were ordered into. This is what we were ordered to do.

But what has made us so long? He took over in 2019 a country that had regained its footing. You know that we took over empty funds, a bankrupt country, under memoranda. And we managed, through great difficulties, to get the country onto the markets, to get out of the memoranda, to regulate the debt and to leave 37 billion in the public coffers.

And I ask myself: if we were governing in the conditions like Mitsotakis governed, who found everything ready, the country on rails, if we were governing not with the obligation to raise 40 billion to get the country out of the gutter with its head breathing, but with the freedom to spend more than 60 billion, as he did, I wonder what the country's image would be?

Would this be the picture in public hospitals without nurses and without doctors? Would this be the country in our schools with 30% being substitutes? Would this be the country in our universities? Would this be the country of the welfare state? You know very well: it would be a different picture and a different country. That is why when he says that the dilemma is forward or backward, we say: unfortunately, in 19 the middle class and the majority of the Greek people were deceived and the country took many steps backwards.

But today we have a reality to deal with. Because four years later, what is he leaving behind? A country that has 50 billion more public debt in these four years. A country that has 40 billion more private debt in these four years and almost half of the Greeks - look, 4,250,000 Greeks, half of Greece - are in debt, have bad debts to the banks, to the tax authorities, to the social security funds. And 700,000 households are worried that tomorrow they will lose their house in the auctions. Because 700,000 mortgaged houses are currently in the hands of the funds of Mr Mitsotakis' friends, such as Mr Patsis, who had him in his parliamentary team and did exactly this job. He was a crow, going around taking people's lives, threatening them that he would take their house so that he could take and make a profit from their debts.
In these four years, friends, we have seen the greatest redistribution of income from the many to the powerful and the day laborers, with accuracy galloping, with the average wage falling, with indirect taxation reaping the harvest.

According to the data that we have in our hands from the OECD, we are the only country in Europe where from '19 to '21, over the three years, the average nominal wage fell. And in the only three countries in Europe that in 2022 the average real wage fell by 7.5%. And here comes the prime minister, who managed to make our country one of the few countries in Europe where the wage - the average wage, mind you - fell, to tell us that it will reach 1,500 euros in 2028. Who is he kidding, really? The reality we live in today can be described by the following expression: we live on Bulgarian wages but at British prices. This is the Greece of Mr Mitsotakis. And how else, my friends, has income redistribution been achieved over the years, apart from wage restraint? With subsidies to obscenity. That's how it was done.

Over €10 billion in a year and a half in subsidies to electricity companies and as much more in direct awards and closed tenders. But the plan also foresees that in the next four years we will experience the biggest redistribution of property the country has ever experienced since World War II, with 700,000 auctions. And the question is, I address it to you, but it's rhetorical. I address it to every citizen, because this is our life, it's not about what party we are. Are we going to let Mr Mitsotakis implement this plan for another four years, the biggest redistribution? I did not hear you well, what did you say? Are we going to let him? How are we going to stop him? With our vote we will prevent him. With the victory of Syriza we will prevent him, with the victory of Syriza on 21 May we will prevent him.

But what else does these four years leave us with? Apart from social plunder, it also leaves us with a traumatised democracy. A democracy that is suffering from the manipulation of the media, the manipulation of justice, the illegal surveillance. It has tried during these four years to build a regime, an authoritarian democracy. He watched from his office half of the political system, opponents and enemies, even the leadership of the Armed Forces, and with the help of propaganda he made lies and distortion, normality. Nine months of lying about the great wiretapping scandal. "I didn't know" he said, "it was all done without my knowledge" he said and he hid behind national secrecy. But there it was. It only took him to just come to a debate and with the first tough question... storm! He martyred himself, he confessed. A scandal of wiretapping and no national speech, he confessed, to keep tabs on half the political system.
He admitted his own lies and guilt. But he still remains in his position untouched, everyone remains untouched. Everybody! In her place is the prosecutor of the NSA, Ms. Vlachou the Honourable, who signed up to have all these politicians, journalists, financial actors monitored. And if there was no national reason, she was illegally signing but she remains in her position. At home and not on the stool of justice, the commander of the NSA, who was appointed there without a degree because he was a friend of Mr Mitsotakis. All those who committed felonies. And in their place, the prosecutors, who are supposedly investigating, are apathetic and indifferent without having taken a single step to unravel this great scandal. Where is the Honorable Prosecutor of the Supreme Court, after Mitsotakis' confession that there was no national reason, to invite Ms. Vlachou to his office to explain why he signed to make these illegal wiretaps? But all he knew how to do was to put obstacles in the way of an honest judge, the head of the Independent Authority for the Safeguarding of Privacy, who found the evidence of the crime in the telecommunications providers.

Friends, I want to make it clear: there is no country in Europe where something like this has happened, where the high priest of the state, the orchestrator of the state, the prime minister, could stay in his position for even one hour. Illegal surveillance is banned and prosecuted everywhere in Europe, and the same in America. And there is a rule, you know, in all Western democracies. If you respect the Constitution and the laws, you stay. If you violate the Constitution and the laws, you leave.
When you get caught and if you get caught with a goat on your back, if you have no dignity, you stay. If you have dignity, you leave. On your own, you go. In any other European democracy, this admission the day before yesterday by the Prime Minister on a public frequency, on a nationwide frequency, that there was no national reason for the wiretapping would have led to resignation. However, not only is Mr Mitsotakis not resigning, but he is claiming, through the vote of the Greek people, to wash away his blunders. And yes, we will do what you say: you will resign him with your vote, the Greek people will resign him on 21 May, the Greek people will do justice and bring democracy back to power.

But I also want to address the conservative citizens, your fellow citizens with whom we have ideological and political differences, but we respect them, who vote for New Democracy, but are ashamed of this decline of their party. Because it is a party with a history, which today is governed by a holy family, just as it governs the country. I want to address them and ask them: will your vote wash away Mr Mitsotakis' blunders against democracy itself? Will you be complicit in this crime?
But I would also like to take this opportunity to address Mr Androulakis, who for the first time I heard him so clearly the other day calling for the need for those responsible for the parastatal to be held accountable to justice - he even spoke of prison. And I ask him: it is reasonable for him to call for this, but does he really believe that this can happen with a New Democracy government of Mr Mitsotakis? Obviously it will never happen with a Mitsotakis government. Therefore, if he really believes - and I believe him in this - that those responsible must be held to account, let him leave the unhistorical bipartisans alone. Only with a progressive government will the perpetrators of the parastate be held to account, democratic legitimacy will be restored, and Greece will become a normal European country again.

But it is not only the wiretapping, there are many crimes that have been committed in these four years and Mr Mitsotakis has a lot of responsibility. He is responsible for the tragic handling of the pandemic. We lost 37 000 of our fellow citizens, so that you realise that it is the proportion of the population that plays the crucial role, which is why, compared to our population, this figure ranks us among the worst countries in the western world. We have surpassed Bolsonaro's Brazil. Portugal, which has a similar population to ours, has 26 000 casualties, we have 37 000 casualties. And there is responsibility for that. There is responsibility for the endless lies about the cover-up, for telling us that it is the same to be admitted in intensive care units as outside, because there is no data. While he had in his drawers the studies of the Professors, Mr Tsiodra and Mr Lytra. So he is responsible for that.

As well as being responsible for the double obscenity of being the first country in fuel and electricity prices and at the same time having record revenues to the public coffers from the high Value Added Tax. He says he has cut 50 taxes and celebrates. But how can he be celebrating on the one hand that he has reduced taxes, but on the other hand he is also celebrating that billions in excess tax revenue have flowed into public coffers. 4.5 billion more than normal. How does he square the circle like that? From which pockets did he draw this money and to which pockets is he directing it? From the pockets of the many, to go into the pockets of the few.

He is also responsible because just before the energy crisis came, he decided to privatise the PPC while in all the countries of the world they were nationalising the electricity companies. And he turned the PPC into a rabbit in the race of obscenity.

He is finally responsible for a state that cannot provide basic security for its citizens. Because for four years they have been telling us that they are digitising the state, but they have not managed to do the obvious: to be able to check that two trains have been running opposite each other on the same track for 12 consecutive minutes. And of course their great responsibility is not only because they devalued the railway, not only because they illegally appointed the stationmaster with party buffoonery, but also because they tried to abdicate their responsibilities. Because the Minister of Tempe had received three letters of apology from the workers who had foretold the tragedy. And why a few days before, in Parliament, he was answering the SYRIZA MPs and saying "Shame on you for telling me that there is a safety issue".They are responsible because in the following days they tried to hide their responsibilities by lying that there was supposedly a TV station in Larissa. Do you remember? And ministers were going and putting on performances in front of antiquated consoles, supposedly saying that this was a TV station.

The Prime Minister himself is also responsible because he came out and said "I didn't know". In all the critical things he told us "I didn't know". He didn't know who was watching half the political system in the office next to him. He didn't know that Mrs Mendoni had appointed Mr Lignadi. He didn't know what Mr Karamanlis was doing to the railways. He didn't know what Mr. Patsis was doing. He didn't know what Mrs. Nikolaou was doing. What did this prime minister really know? An irresponsible prime minister! An irresponsible ruler and a hypocrite. A prime minister who doesn't care. But he knew very well how to put Mr Karamanlis back on the New Democracy ballot paper, he knew that. He resigned for 30 days to avoid trouble and then came back with the promise of possibly becoming a minister again.

We, citizens of Kavala, owe it to ourselves to say one thing: enough of this familyocracy. Enough of these scions who rule us. Enough of this unworthiness in this place. We must finally become a real European country, a European democracy.

Citizens of Kavala, a few days ago we publicly presented the contract of SYRIZA with the democratic citizens, the Contract of Change. Our programme. A program that we address simultaneously to all democratic progressive forces, so that after SYRIZA's victory on the 22nd of this month, it will be the basis of the discussion for the formation of a progressive government that will bring change in our lives. This contract has 11 articles, but one basic condition. Its basic condition is justice. Justice for all - justice everywhere.

And to tell you briefly, four things - let me leave you with this - this contract, this programme, provides for four things: Raising wages, lowering prices, settling debts, a fair, efficient, strong, social state alongside the citizen. These are the four basic conditions of this contract. We are told by our political opponents: "It won't work, we cost it, it won't work, you can be sure it won't work". They have also sent it to the General Accounting Office, another lie. I want to answer them today: what you say is not coming off has nothing to do with its actual cost. It has to do with the fact that our programme does indeed have a cost, but for them and for those interests that you support and that support you.

Yes, our program will have a cost to funds. They will not take people's homes for a cut to speculate. Yes, our program will have a cost to energy companies and cartels, they will not continue this obscenity. Yes, for the shareholders of the banks, they won't hand out excess profits, for the easy money, easy profit gas-guzzlers, for those daylight companies that got the $10 billion direct awards. Yes, there will be a cost to them. But it will not come at a cost to Greek society.

And I want to turn the question now: this programme of Mr Mitsotakis of redistributing wealth, redistributing income, shrinking the welfare state, really, what is the cost? How much has the devaluation of the National Health System cost in terms of money, where people when they get sick are not able to get decent care?

How much money did the barrier that Kerameos put on children with the Minimum Entrance Requirement, which closed dozens of regional schools, cost in order to send our children to colleges?

How much did the devaluation of the welfare state, the devaluation of the OSE that led to the tragedy of the Tempi River cost in terms of money? How much did all this cost in money? How much did unpaid overtime really cost? How much does the black labour of young people cost? How much does all this cost?
The cost is incalculable and tragically measurable, our very lives.
That is why I want to make this clear today: No matter how much they terrorise us, no matter how much they try to terrorise the people, we will not comply with their suggestions.

The 13th pension will be given back to the pensioners, the retroactive payments will be given as normal. Because we respect the decisions of the judiciary. The 2,000 euro salary for the first doctor will be given to the National Health System. The increases in the basic salary and the three-year increments will be thawed, the increases for civil servants, for the first time in 14 years, at 10% will be given as normal. Everything in our programme will be given as planned. They are measured, they are costed, they are realistic.

But it's a bit of an oxymoron that those who left the country with a 15% deficit in 2009 and led us into the memoranda, those who left the country with empty funds in '15, are blaming us and saying, "How are you going to fix the calculations and fiscal stability?" Us, who brought the country out of the memoranda. They, who have a party that owes 400 million euros in loans and unpaid debts, talking to us about costings and accounts. Too much!

But I want to tell you that in addition to our programme of 11 articles, we have already prepared - because, you know, justice must at times be rushed, must be expedited - from the first days of the formation of a progressive government and even before Parliament was constituted to start passing bills, a legislative act with three articles.

Its first article provides for the suspension of all auctions of first homes until the project of comprehensive protection of property against debts is enacted.

The second article provides for the reduction of VAT on all foodstuffs to the lowest rate of 6% and to zero for foodstuffs of immediate necessity: bread, baby milk, baby food. Of course, the reduction also of the specific excise duty on fuel to the minimum rate provided for by the European Union and the non-payment of this tax for farmers and livestock farmers.

The third article has to do with our children who are now in the 3rd grade of the Lyceum and are currently fighting for their future, for their studies: we are removing the barriers that Mr Mitsotakis has put up, the barriers in their lives, the barriers to their studies from these national exams. 20,000 more children will be able to study in public universities.

Citizens of Kavala... I don't want to leave! It is so beautiful to see you here, so beautiful to see you from above, so much strength and momentum for victory is given to us by today's gathering. But I would like to end by saying a few things that have to do with the elections themselves. You know, for us the opponent in these elections is one: it is Mr Mitsotakis' New Democracy. The front is one: the worst right-wing government the country has ever known. I have to tell you that at times it amazes me that other forces in the progressive democratic arc do not understand this. Simple proportional representation, which we will be voting for the first time this year, is a fair voting election system. Whatever we vote for is what will come out. We are proud that we did that. Fairness everywhere, fairness in voting. It has been a long-standing demand of the left, but simple proportional representation means that we take our share of the responsibility for proportional representation. It also implies responsibility for how the country is governed. We cannot hear things that are not true. The programme of the New Democracy is the same - he says - and so is the programme of Syriza, some of our left-wing comrades have told us. Is it really the same? Is it the same that the worker can be vindicated, that he has the Labour Inspectorate by his side, that he has an eight-hour working day established, that he has paid overtime? Is it the same?

We address all democratic, left-wing, progressive citizens and we tell them that it is very important who will govern the country for another four years. It matters little, perhaps, to those who are only interested in keeping their powers and making things worse for the people so that they can say 'we told you so'. But the people do not want to have it worse so that they can say 'we told you so'. The people want to see a white day in their lives, they want to see a better life, a better outlook. That's what the people want to see.
We also appeal to the other side, to those who accuse us these days of having stolen their slogans. The same things that the left said to Andreas in the 1980s. Listen to one thing: life gives birth to slogans and when some slogans become topical, they become topical because life makes them topical. And no one has the intellectual property of slogans. They belong to the whole democratic, progressive Party of the country. If today the demand for change becomes topical again, it is because we again have the worst government of the right that we have seen since the post-war period.

If today we must keep a legacy from those who made history with these slogans, it is a legacy: that the front has always been with the right and not with the other progressive forces. So we too extend the hand of cooperation to all progressive forces, to all progressive citizens. Because we have a front only with Mr Mitsotakis and New Democracy.

I also want to say that simple proportional representation does not mean the end of simple logic. The party that comes first will have the first say and will be able to form a government. That is why we are addressing those citizens who want to punish Mr Mitsotakis for his government and we are saying to them: the harshest punishment for this regime that governs us is its defeat. And the defeat of the regime will come with the defeat of the New Democracy of Mr Mitsotakis. And the defeat of the New Democracy of Mr Mitsotakis will only come with the victory of Syriza on election night.

I would like to say a few words about Kavala, in the same context and in the same climate about its problems, addressing again the progressive and democratic citizens and the progressive forces: do we care whether on Monday of the elections we will have a government that will deal with the big problems of your country or do we not mind and let us have the government of Mr.Mitsotakis again to expand them, to make these problems even bigger? Are we going to do something for the young people of the region, half of whom are unemployed? Will we do something to vindicate the struggle of the fertiliser and oil workers, for the state to respect the decisions of the judiciary and for private companies to respect the decisions of the judiciary?

Mr Mitsotakis, who came to your city a few days ago, shook his head, "remove the verbs", he did not answer. We give a clear answer: the laws of the Greek courts will be respected by everyone in this country. Will we also do something about the great question of Health? In the region only 38% of the organic posts are filled by permanent staff in hospitals. Will we do something about those people who were on the front line of the pandemic at the risk of their lives and then hypocritically some people applauded them, but then forgot about them? Are we going to do something to make them permanent, just as we have a moral obligation to contract and auxiliary doctors?
Will we do something about the Mental Health Centre that is without a permanent doctor? Will we do something about the one and only TUMY (Local Health Unit) that does not have the necessary staff? Will we do something about the farmers who are ripping up their vines? For the farmers who are killing their female animals to keep their herds from breeding and have nothing to feed them? Are we going to do something about these people? These are the big questions.

We want to do something about all this, not fight about who owns the copyright of the slogans. That's what we want to do something about. We are addressing everyone, first and foremost we are addressing the Greek people, the citizens of Kavala, regardless of what they voted for in the previous elections, and we are telling them one thing: Give with your vote to SYRIZA and with SYRIZA's victory a mandate to form a government of progressive cooperation, with a mandate to deal with these daily, big, social problems that concern you.

Give us the opportunity, the first opportunity to govern on our programme. Because in 15-19 we took the country out of the memoranda, we worked honestly, we worked honestly, nobody can blame us for a single euro, but we did not govern according to our programme. We made necessity a philanthropy, a national obligation. We did it. But we did not govern according to our programme.Now is the first time that we will have the opportunity to govern not with our "musts" but with our "wants". Give us that first chance. We know and we can bring real change to people's lives.

With these thoughts I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for your overwhelming presence here today. With these thoughts I would like to ask you for just one favour in these nine days ahead of us. And the favour I ask of you is that with the same fighting spirit, with the same optimism that you have accompanied our meeting today, you should continue in the coming days to stand by the people who are standing undecided, by the people who have not yet taken the big decision and tell them: Now is the time for change. Now is the time for a decision, now is the time for SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance.I call on you in every village, in every neighbourhood, until the elections, to make the message of victory that you have sent today throughout Greece, a decision to vote for the great victory on May 21, so that in the evening the people, not the cartels, will be celebrating, and not the cartels. So that change can be made real with your vote. Thank you very much for your presence here today. You have given the message of victory, you have given the message of change. Kavala today is opening up, showing the way. This is the biggest rally we have ever had! And that says a lot.
Goodbye and with victory!
