People of Athens, welcome to this celebration of democracy, of hope, of hope, of perspective. A big thank you from the bottom of my heart for this warm welcome. A big thank you from the bottom of my heart for your trust. And another big thank you for the message of victory that we are sending tonight from all corners of the country. PASOK is here, united and strong, and we are sending a strong response to our political opponents. PASOK is here to give us a new perspective, a hope to turn the country around. Dignity for social justice. The democratic party, the movement of Andreas Papandreou, is here again, a protagonist in the political scene of our country. Friends, every day they fight us in the front and behind the scenes. Every day we are beaten by SYRIZA and New Democracy. But today Athens is sending a clear message: The more they hit us, the stronger we get. Mr Mitsotakis and Mr Tsipras, this is the party that is identified with the Greek people, this is the people-born movement. It is the movement of 1974 that sealed the post-independence, the best years of the Greek people. It embodied the dreams of many generations and made Greece a normal European country. Friends, PASOK is Here, United, Strong. Because the needs of our country call for new struggles. To daily struggles. The Greek people can no longer tolerate inequalities and unreliability. The Greek people can no longer tolerate the client state, the devaluation of the public interest.

We want a state that respects the citizen. A state that will have a robust democracy, a strong welfare state that will reduce inequalities and give prospects to Greek children through strong public public education, strong public health care. These are the great needs that our country has today. For these needs I call upon you to fight for them every day.

Friends, they are trying to blackmail citizens with fake dilemmas, hoping to distort our electoral base. They want to plunder PASOK, but the plunder is over. PASOK is here to send home the government of Mr Mitsotakis, without going back to the painful experience of 2015-19 with Tsipras and Kammenos.

Mr Mitsotakis appears as the only choice for power. Confined to his glass tower, he lives with his Maximos cohorts in a parallel universe revolving around power and themselves. He believes that he is the stability. That he is democracy. That he is the State. May 21 marks the end of Mr Mitsotakis's Ludovite notions. Now Mr Mitsotakis is playing the role of a moderniser, bragging that this will enable him to win over a section of democratic citizens. However, PASOK voters are neither sheep nor lion-eaters. They do not forget, Mr Mitsotakis, that your party in 2009 handed us a bankrupt Greece, and instead of apologising to the people and supporting the agreement that kept our country in the euro, you and Tsipras voted for the path of the drachma. This is not modernisation. That is a compromise with populism. If it had not been for the PASOK MPs, Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis, if they had not existed then, they would have become prime ministers, they would have been prime ministers in a drachma country. This was their understanding of the economy and the huge social deadlocks that Mr Karamanlis handed us in 2009. The people have a memory. The people do not forget. The people do not forget the family tradition of Mr Mitsotakis, who also teaches me lessons in political realism in the management of the state.

Who is talking about meritocracy? Who is talking about transparency? The one who, if you put together his and his family's buffers, exceeds the length of the Great Wall of China? Who is the Mitsotakis family giving lessons to? But what is there to remember? The buffets? The defections? Or the eavesdropping parastate that imitated his father and Mr. Mavrikis? He is giving me lessons in meritocracy and transparency, he who is a champion with 10 billion direct awards. Who is a champion of temporary employees. He who spends the taxes of the Greek people, with the sole aim of being supported by the oligarchs, with the sole aim of continuing the client state, with the sole aim of the chair of Maximos. His recent statements that he "cannot talk to PASOK" of my era confirm one thing once again: In the stakeouts, I was obviously not a danger to the Republic or to the country; I was a danger - like this grassroots movement - to New Democracy.

The stronger PASOK, the more the power of Mr Mitsotakis creaks. However, all of you 270,000 democratic citizens have given me a mandate for an autonomous course. And the autonomous march does not enter into power bargains. We are talking about stable governments, about programmatic convergence. No bargaining with oligarchs, no bargaining with ministries. Mr Mitsotakis and Mr Tsipras should go elsewhere if they think that this historic movement will become a crutch for their power. With your thunderous presence today, you are proving that PASOK is strong, that it is a protagonist. And on 21 May you are sending a message of victory to every democrat, to every progressive Greek. This movement, this historic movement has only one concern: to serve the people and the homeland in a genuine way. That is why we are united. More united than ever!

Because we know how dangerous the systems of power are that have been governing for the last 8.5 years. They do not respect human rights, they do not respect the rule of law, they do not respect justice and the separation of powers.

We are here for a strong PASOK, to become a barrier - a mound against arrogance, against the client state, against everything that undermines the prospects of the Greek people. Greeks, after your 2015-19 experience of the Tsipras-Kammenos coalition government, we understand the fear of the return of populism, divisiveness and viciousness. That is why I ask for a strong mandate, so that you have a strong alternative. The real progressive democratic party is the option to close the cycle of Mitsotakis' government.

Tsipras said yesterday that Varoufakis with the Demetra programme is a sponsor of Mitsotakis, and if Varoufakis did not exist, Tsipras added, he would have had to invent him in order to terrorise the centrist citizens. But is he the only one who terrorises the centrist citizens, Mr Tsipras?

Isn't Mr Tsakalotos talking about local currencies in a European Union country not terrorising the centrist citizens?

Are you the same Mr Tsipras that your problem with the Evros fence that PASOK started is not to remove the fence but to prevent European taxpayers from paying for it? Only the Greeks want Syriza to pay for it. Or are you who say that the sea has no borders and let's do the Aegean Prespes not after all a bigger sponsor of Mitsotakis than Varoufakis?

So I would add to what you said, that Mr Mitsotakis, if Varoufakis did not exist, he would have had to invent him, as is the case with you, Mr Tsipras, the golden sponsor of New Democracy. Of course, I have not understood what the government proposal of SYRIZA is. On the one hand it says coalition with Varoufakis.  On the other it says coalition without Varoufakis. The third says coalition with a vote of tolerance. And yesterday it says special-purpose coalition. I understand your anxiety, Mr Tsipras. But the democratic party will not be a lifeline to your adventurism.

We do not forget the "Pinochet" for the democratically elected Prime Minister of the country.

We do not forget the mockery of the people with the false referendum of 2015.

We don't forget that you handed over billions of "red loans" to the crows of the funds and they are blackmailing the weakest Greeks. Do not underestimate, Mr Tsipras, the intelligence of the Greek people. It remembers very well who was leftist first. It was Andreas Papandreou. And not you and Kammenos.

But, he says, he is asking for "progressive fronts", because we only have a front with the right and with maintenance. Of course we only have a front with the right and with maintenance. That is why there are progressives and centre-leftists on the PASOK ballot papers. They are not the orphans of Mr Kamenos or Mr Karamanlis's closest associate, Antonaros. But yesterday in Ioannina, such is his anxiety to fish in murky waters, one of the Golden Dawn, which he did not vote for to prevent its participation in our democratic constitution, of the murderers of Pavlos Fyssas, but was discovered yesterday from Ioannina who spoke the best words about the government of Mr. Karamanlis. This is not a progressive front. This is the government's laundering of bankruptcy.

Friends, we are facing Kyriakos Mitsotakis who is hiding what is coming as a result of his political choices. And on the other side, Mr Tsipras, who promises things that once again he knows cannot be done. Back then he called them illusions. Now he knows he won't be in government and can say whatever he wants.

But what do we do? We embrace the real concerns of every Greek woman and every Greek man with the social democratic programme of concrete political choices and solutions for better days.

They are trying to reassure you, especially Mr Mitsotakis, that he will do in the next four years what he didn't do in the previous four years. He says he wants self-reliance, to bring the minimum wage to EUR 950 and the average wage to EUR 1 500. But he has nothing to say about today, about what he is delivering. What is he delivering? 7.4% down in wages because of the accuracy. These are the OECD figures.

2/3 of state revenues are indirect taxes that hit the poorest Greeks, the middle class, the most vulnerable. And of course, it does not explain how it will reduce the obscenity of foodstuffs. What it will do about the speculative oligarchs who quadrupled their profits in 2022.

It does not talk about the national debt. 50 billion extra public debt that Mr Mitsotakis has loaded onto future generations of Greeks. And there is something else. For the first time since 2010, the trade deficit is one of the largest in Europe. It's the biggest Greece has had in 12 years. This is the real state of the Greek economy.

But, friends, what is PASOK's vision for the Greek people? It is a vision grafted from the historical and social roots of the democratic party. It is the vision of social justice, of a Greece without inequalities. Of equal opportunities for young people. Of a strong welfare state, of public education, a lever of social upward mobility for all Greek children. Friends, we do not feed rabbits and stones. We want a democracy with strong institutions, with the rule of law that protects the human rights of every citizen.

A strong Greece in Europe and the world. A Greece that is strong and no one can usurp its sovereign rights.

I and we all together set the generation as our front line. We say that if the new generation does not stand on its feet, the country will never stand on its feet. Therefore, because young people fear that they will live worse than their parents, we have a duty to give them the weapons to start their lives with dignity. That is why we propose a social reservoir of 150,000 houses in all the major urban centres, especially in Athens and Thessaloniki. So that your children can come and study with dignity. So that young couples can have a family with children. Our first priority is to address the demographic issue.

Friends and friends, jobs. Young people cannot live on the 400 and 500 euros of Mr Mitsotakis' growth and flexibility. As is the case with 700 000 Greeks in Greece.

We propose the creation of 50,000 full-time jobs for young unemployed people in the private sector with a 4-year subsidy of employer contributions.

In education, in public education, which is our priority. We must equip the younger people. We are establishing a national school-leaving certificate in line with the standards of other European countries, because we do not want the future of young people to be judged by instant examinations, with stress and wasted time. We want to stop the tutorial school from being the centre of gravity of education and make public schools - the Gymnasium, the Lyceum - the centre of gravity of public education again. Reduce the cost of tutoring with remedial teaching. And of course, as a normal European state, we must invest in special education structures for the real school of inclusion, for all the children of the Greek people with any learning difficulty. And of course, the strong public university with an increase in funding for research to the European Union average.

The mother, the family, the young mother - who in the difficulties of the present time - knows all too well that by having a family, she prevents the continuation of her economic function, her position, her daily life. We are committed: No child will be left out of daycare, no child will be left out of creative activity centres. Increase the allowance for women freelancers. And of course, a reduction in taxes on families with children. Today, a family without children and a family with children - with children - has 3 tax rate points less. In Portugal the difference is 10%, in Ireland 14% and in Belgium 15%. That is why I am committed to strong tax incentives for young couples with children, to give a real boost to tackling the demographic issue.

Friends, we protected the first home in the most difficult moment of the memoranda. After the decision of the Supreme Court, we have a duty to make a new law to protect the first home so that no weak Greek will lose their home. And this is also a commitment, 21 May we are building a strong protection net for the vulnerable, for the underprivileged of today.

And of course, we have a patriotic debt, we have a great patriotic debt: to stand in the way of the de-Fellinization of the Greek economy. We must prevent the Greeks from becoming foreigners in their own country. Greeks will not be blackmailed by powerful economic centres abroad. That is why we are legislating to have a law that puts funds at the table of bank negotiations with borrowers, not blackmail that leads to the sudden death of thousands of our fellow citizens. We have a duty to protect the Greeks that Mr Tsipras has sent to the margins and despair by selling billions of red loans to the crows of the funds.

Friends, we have a duty to protect small and medium-sized enterprises. We have a duty to protect the people who in a fair way, in an honest way, have tried to stand on their own two feet. That is why we are universally proposing 120 instalments for tax and EFKA for everyone and not for a few, as the Mitsotakis government did, which is being swept away by the economic reality, by the desperation of thousands of Greek small and medium-sized businesses.

Friends, we do not want the development of feminism. We want the development of Made in Greece, of strong domestic production. We want a Greece of exports, not of trade deficits. In order to create good jobs, we want the synergy of the agricultural sector, of manufacturing. All the forces of production to serve a plan that changes the plan of the country and not to become a huge short-term rental in urban centers and a huge hotel where only the owners will profit far from the real aspirations of the new generation for good jobs, eating away at our natural wealth. That is why our vision is to interconnect all these productive sectors and give farmers, manufacturers, poor Greeks, a stable cost of living through the democratization of production, renewable energy sources, as in every European state, and not to make the green transition a tool of speculation of the oligarchs in the country. Those who caress Mr Mitsotakis every day from their channels.

Our priority is energy communities, our priority is investment in the grid and storage, our priority is for the poorest Greeks to have photovoltaics on their roofs so that they are not driven into energy poverty and new inequalities after 2030.

Friends, 3 days before the national elections, I cannot talk about the huge issue of public health. We gave birth to the National Health System, we will rebirth the National Health System. But what do they understand? What do they understand about the anguish of the pensioner, the weak person who sees the cost of health care spending has skyrocketed? We are third, third in private health care costs in Europe. We are surpassed only by the Lithuanians and the Bulgarians. So what are we saying? A new national health system. From the Recovery Fund, not the 2-4% that Mr Mitsotakis gives, but 8-10%.

The Recovery Fund was made for the pandemic. The pandemic undermined the national health care system. We have a duty to support it, to reduce inequalities, to drive down the cost of living. For that, strong primary health care across the country. For that, 15,000 permanent staff recruitment, for that, pay for doctors and all NHS staff at the European Union average. That's why we are committed to and will make it happen. It is a gesture of justice. They fought. They held the NHS together in the difficult days of the pandemic.

And of course, without populism, without grandstanding, respecting public finances. Knowing the real situation of the debt, we propose for pensioners a 1.1 billion cost for those who really need it, and I say the amount so that Mr Mitsotakis's buffoonery that our programme is not cost-effective is over.

He feeds rabbits and stones, he feeds things that will never happen. As he says, he's going to raise 25% of the private sector wage. How are you going to do it, Mr Mitsotakis, by royal decree? We know of no other government in Europe that says before the elections how much private sector wages will be increased.  

So, we speak realistically, concretely. 350,000 low pensioners, the new ESAS, which will replace the ESAS abolished by Mr Tsipras. Abolition of the personal differential from 1/01/24. And abolition of the injustices concerning widows' and disabled citizens' pensions. These are 3 options of justice and social solidarity for the weakest pensioners, so that the proud old people of our country can have pensions, dignity. Those who have seen perspective, who have seen justice from this party.

Friends, we have a duty to confront depravity, unworthiness, arrogance. Almost three months have passed since the unbelievable tragedy in Tempe. Yesterday I was stunned to hear Mr Mitsotakis commenting on the complaint filed by the victims' relatives, saying without a trace of empathy that he understands the anger of the victims, but that he does not justify this kind of behaviour. Will you, Mr Mitsotakis, dictate to a parent who has mourned his child how to express himself? Is that possible? Is it possible? Has the decline of your political morality reached its nadir? Has your contempt for the unfortunate people and their families come to an end? The arrogance and decadence of Mr Mitsotakis' speech is truly shocking for every Greek woman and every Greek. But who is saying this? He who took a whole week to make a clear apology after the tragedy. The Prime Minister and his ministers were telling us that the transfer of the offending stationmaster was legal and the three-member committee he appointed said it was illegal, but they are not saying whose New Democracy MP the offending stationmaster of the tragedy was a buffoon. But these are the words of the President of the party who has Mr. Karamanlis, the youngest, as a candidate on his ballot papers. The minister of the Ministry in question who, in answer to the questions of the PASOK MPs, was ignorant of the findings of the Transparency Authority, which had been in his drawer for two years, and was clearly saying who was responsible, both in the Syriza era and in the New Democracy era, for the fact that there was no telecommunications in the country to protect our 57 fellow citizens, and instead of taking it to the courts, instead of bringing it to justice, he kept it in his drawer and he is on the ballot of the New Democracy.

So we don't want the state to be a booty, we don't want the state to be a booty to the tenant of the Maximos building. This party wants the state to guarantee the public interest with transparency, with meritocracy, with respect for the citizen.

But all these years we've been bored. We're tired of hearing from the channels, from the New Democracy's executives about the state of the unqualified. Who were the excellence? All those involved in the tragedy of Tempe were appointed party children of the Grand Maximus and ONNED.

That is why I pledge, I pledge to every Greek woman and every Greek man and woman that a strong PASOK means an end to anarchocracy. All the governors of organisations, the governors of hospitals, with an open international competition to serve you, your children, your grandchildren, the most deserving Greeks, the people who have competence, who manage millions of euros, not for the benefit of the prime minister of the day, not for the benefit of the best friend of the day, but for the benefit of all you citizens who pay millions in taxes and want another Greece, the Greece of European normality. This is the Greece we envision, this is the Greece we will serve.

Friends, on 21 May we are forming a new progressive social alliance, a new majority current of progress, hope and responsibility. On 21 May we put an end to the arrogance of Mr Mitsotakis, while turning our backs on the populism of Mr Tsipras, which we have paid dearly for. Next Sunday evening, our political opponents will be surprised on the evening of next Sunday. They will be surprised. Already today they are probably surprised. The celebration of democracy started early, it starts today here in Athens and it will culminate on Sunday evening with the historic resurgence of the democratic movement, of PASOK. PASOK is here united and strong.

It's coming back, this party is coming back. United, renewed, the great democratic party, where there is no change, where there is no reform without the signature of PASOK, in the best years of the Greek people. So I want to say something about change because some people think they can plagiarise the word. The word you can. You can't take the history because it is engraved in the memory of the Greek people. It is, Mr Tsipras, the images, the experiences of the underprivileged Greeks who have seen their lives improve. Those who experienced the post-civil war state and the PASOK of Andreas Papandreou recognized the national resistance. They are the ones who have engraved in their minds what the hospitals were before '81 and what the National Health System of George Gennimata and Paraskevas Avgerinos was from '80 onwards. They are the ones who crowded the buffet shops and after the late Anastasios Peponi's AESEP they saw what European meritocracy, normality means. They are the ones who saw the great infrastructure projects, the public universities, the CCP, Diavgeia, Kapodistrias in local government. But I ask you, Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis, when did you support even one of these great changes that marked the history of the country, the history of the democratic party? In all of them you were an obstacle. You have been the front line of conservation from both the right and the left.

Therefore, turn your back on depravity, turn your back on discord, turn your back on preservation wherever it comes from. On 21 May the sun of hope, the sun of hope, the sun of perspective, the sun of social justice, the sun of national dignity is rising again.

It is this patriotic movement that brought Cyprus into the European Union with the Cyprus problem unresolved. It was this patriotic movement that handled with national dignity all the issues with the Balkans, Turkey, the Southeastern Mediterranean.

It doesn't fit, Mr Tsipras, Andreas Papandreou and the stories of the sea without borders. Andreas Papandreou and "Aegean Prespes" do not fit. Leave the great leader of the democratic party alone, in the arms of history. All you have offered him is the road to prison.

But we stood up then. Because today's era is reminiscent of the "dirty" '89 when you beat us both right and left together. As we stood then, we will stand now. The more you beat us, the stronger we get.

Friends, every day I meet young people, young people frustrated, young people without a shred of trust in politicians. But why? Because they have experienced politicians who say a lot and either do nothing or do little. I invite you to trust us in this new beginning. And I personally pledge that I will not let any young person down. Come together. We do not despise you. We do not deceive you. We give you perspective. We are not giving you the 150 euro passports, Mr Mitsotakis.

Together we will fight. Together we will change our country. Together on Sunday night we will be the great victors. Fight. A few days, a few hours, a lot of struggle and on Sunday night I am waiting for you for a new Change Party at Charilaou Trikoupis, at the historic offices of PASOK, the democratic party. Friends, they are trying. I never expected in my life to live this moment. And I guarantee you that I will do everything I can to ensure that we are both united and strong, as we once were. I am a scion from the bowels of the party. And together, we who have stayed through the hard times, will revive this democratic movement.  We will be guarantors of better days. We will be guarantors of a Greece of dignity. We will be guarantors for the new generation, to live days of perspective, with good jobs. For the new generation that the country needs to stay here, to have families, to stop the exodus of young people abroad. This will be the task of the democratic party. Ladies and gentlemen, in recent hours, however, some people have been trying to terrorise the Greek people, drawing attention to the danger of ungovernability. You know, after every election there is always a government. The question is, Greek people, will this government serve those who are trying to terrorise you, the media owners and the oligarchs, or will it serve you, your children and your grandchildren? So terrorize the terrorists with a strong PASOK on May 21. Terrorism does not pass. We will have a government. We want a government that serves the people, not them. My friends, the right will fall because the democratic party is returning in force, because there is an alternative, a progressive, democratic alternative.

Friends, some people say that we didn't want to cooperate and I was looking for some scenarios to turn the corner. Do you think they want to work with us? Does Mr Mitsotakis want to cooperate with us or Mr Tsipras? They do not want to work with PASOK. They want to plunder PASOK. That is what they have been doing for 15 years now. But this illegitimate, this illegitimate bipartisanship will fail miserably in these behind-the-scenes games. You know, they're getting comfortable with each other. One says, "Don't vote for PASOK, it will go with Syriza." The other one says "don't vote for PASOK, it will go with New Democracy".

We are sending a message here today from Athens: vote for PASOK so that both of them can go home. But I have a deep debt. We have a debt for a new political ethos, for a new political paradigm, for a new model of governance, for new standards of leadership, for new standards of public administration. So think about who are the credible people to serve these new standards? Those who served the Karamanlis government, left and right? Those who did not issue a statement about the vindicated Mr. Georgiou after the European Court of Human Rights decision? Those who co-governed with Kammenos? The ones who created an eavesdropping parastate? Mr. Mitsotakis, his nephew with the NSA? The ones who strike together the independent authorities created by PASOK?

Who will the Greek people trust? Those who have come to say that we are competent former Syriza ministers? The candidates for deputies? Shall we also co-govern with Velopoulos to conquer the chair? Or Mr Mitsotakis, who says "Come Centrists to support me", but who is co-governing with the popular orthodox alarm hand in hand with Karatzaferis and his children.

How can you? How can you Greeks trust the leader of the Patsy's who bought billions of loans, millions of your loans to speculate with your efforts, with your sacrifices?

How can you trust them? They exposed our country internationally and both of them. One with the wiretapping, the other with the referendums have made the country a negative topic in many media outlets around the world.

We are not taking a measure between them, we are on the opposite side of these authoritarian choices, these authoritarian practices that undermine the future of Greece, that expose the Greek people. Because we are the party of principles, of values. That is why we are against it, because we have never played with democracy. We have never played with the rule of law, we have never played with institutions, we have never instrumentalised justice.

So I want you now, Greek people, to imagine: If my own closest associate had made a bugging parastate and I covered it up, would I be in the political system today? So why does Mr Mitsotakis exist? If my closest associate was handing out channel licences to friendly oligarchs, was being prosecuted by the Greek judiciary and I had him by my side, would I exist today in any normal European political system? What am I talking about? If we want Greece to be a normal European state, these two systems of power must go home, because they undermine any perspective, any justice in Greece. They directly undermine the future of the Greek people.

Friends, May 21, every vote you cast is a mound against their authoritarianism and their decadence. Every vote for PASOK is a vote for the Greece of the future. Every vote for PASOK is a vote for a Greece of dignity. Every vote for PASOK is a vote for a Greece of equal opportunities. Every vote for PASOK is a vote for social justice and national dignity. That is why on 21 May I ask every democrat, every progressive Greek to turn their backs and come together to embrace your struggles, to build a normal country for you and your children. Despise them. May 21, a wasted vote is not a vote for PASOK. A lost vote is May 21 to those who for 8.5 years have been doing what they can, not for you, but for them and the chair. A lost vote is not a lost vote to PASOK. It is to those who despise your real problems, who despise your everyday life. Every vote for PASOK is a vote for the brave changes our country needs. Every vote for PASOK is a vote for stability. Every vote for PASOK is hope. Every vote for PASOK is dignity. Therefore, raise proudly the flag of PASOK, the flag of the democratic party. This green flag that gave hope, this green flag that was raised by millions of Greek underprivileged people. Raise it again so that together we can build the Greece of the future, the normal Greece, the European Greece, the Greece that will be a real support for the middle class and for every Greek woman and Greek underprivileged. We have only a few days left. So I ask you as a last favour here from Athens, in this magnificent gathering: take the struggle, the agony, the hope into your own hands. In every village, in every town, together, united, strong, we are reviving the people-born movement of Andreas Papandreou. Our movement, PASOK. All together, fight together. And I am sure, May 21 dawns a new day, a new page in the book of modern political history. PASOK has come back as a protagonist and all of you are proving it with today's "people's rally", with this magnificent gathering. I thank you for your love from the bottom of my heart, and I pledge that we will never disappoint any Greek, any progressive democrat. This is the true home of progress. Here is the true home of democracy. Here is hope, here is perspective. Good strength and good fight. May 21. We will never forget the date of victory. Fight, fight, fight and PASOK will be the winner of the national elections. Thank you, thank you from the bottom of my heart for this moving presence here in Athens. Bless you. How many Greeks are not moved by this song and this flag! That is why we have a duty to make them say "PASOK, good years" again. 21 May, we are confronting the vested interests and making the love for this movement a hope. We clash with everything that keeps Greece tied back to the past. We clash with discord, with the digital gangs that poison young people online. We clash with everything that serves the system, the authoritarian regime of Mr Mitsotakis. Because here is the real opponent of New Democracy. In SYRIZA he is the "golden" sponsor. So for this, fight, fight, fight. May 21 the rebirth of PASOK will mean the rebirth of the country. Be well. Thank you, be well. I am confident of victory. I am sure that the hopeful message sent by the democratic people of Athens today is vibrating throughout the country and is moving. Today, Democrats embrace. Together we will win. Bless you.

I want you to think about who is against us. Against us are those who have even come to instrumentalize the neo-Nazism of Golden Dawn.  The so-called left-wingers are not voting to prevent our democracy from preventing the murderers of Fyssa from taking part in the elections. And Mr Mitsotakis is counting the neo-Nazi party in the polls to see what he will do.

Only this party, in terms of values and democracy, has historically opposed the phenomenon of neo-Nazism in our country.

And as for the neo-geniuses of the New Democracy, who had the audacity to say that German reparations are a thing of the past: NO gentlemen. The Greek people have a memory and honour those who sacrificed for our country.

This is the democratic, patriotic movement that guarantees both social justice and national dignity against the extremes of the political system. We do not play with the extremes. We are against those who undermine institutions, democracy and the public interest.

For this, fight again. May 21 we are winners together. All together.