And I want to tell you that for me, your welcome, your passion, and your determination are more important today than ever before. Today, we all need to stand together because we are not just a flash in the pan. We come from far and wide, and we will go far and wide because we express and represent the needs and social needs of underprivileged Greeks. We also express and represent the interests of the working class, small and medium-sized businesses, wage laborers, and young people. We express and represent the interests of Greece, which has no voice. That is why we will always be on the front lines, fighting against neoliberal and anti-people's policies. Society needs a strong SYRIZA that can act as a barrier to these policies.

It is a great pleasure to be here in Sindos, in western Thessaloniki. It is a great pleasure because I know very well that your region is the backyard of Thessaloniki. It is perhaps the most discredited and forgotten region of the capital, and it is the region where we have to work together for obvious rights: the right to public health and healthcare, the right to public education and decent conditions for the education of our children, and even the right to drinking water. Obvious things have not been won for the region of Sindos and western Thessaloniki. The right to decent work at wages that will enable a decent life, the right to provide for its people, those who have worked and retired, to give an allowance to their grandchildren, but also the right of young people to carve out a future with optimism, to live their dreams, and to live in the place where they were born and raised. These are the crucial issues for which we will fight and will always fight together, from whatever position.

We are talking about human lives. They asked us to cost our program. Remember when we said, "Let's go cost it together," they hid. But I really want to ask myself, how much does human life cost? How much does it cost to be able to live with dignity? How much does it cost not to run away like a dog in a vineyard in the back of a farm car because there are no staff in the ambulance service, even when there are ambulances? So, how much does human life cost? Yes, this is the motto of the young children. Our vision is to talk about profits and losses, but it is time to talk about human life, human lives.

But shall I put the issues on a different basis today? We had a difficult painful, I will not hide the result in the election of the twenty-first of May on the 25th of June, but we have a new electoral process. It's not a rematch, as we say in soccer where the score of the first game counts starts zero to zero. The race is a new race, it is not to paraphrase like a football race, we are like them like the jumper who set the bar high. He didn't get his stride right, he made a bad jump, but he has a second chance to cross the bar and we want to take advantage of every opportunity and fight to the last second to correct our weaknesses and mistakes so that in this election we can speak up and look the people in the eye. Speaking to them in the language of truth and putting at the centre of the debate the real problems that affect our lives, our everyday life.

The previous elections were held under a system of proportional representation. It was a vision for us, and it was also a constant position and demand of the Left and progressive forces in the country that there should be parity in the vote of each and every person. We do not regret having defended this vision. Others must regret not giving the country's political system the opportunity to turn a new page, to move away from toxicity, and to move towards a government of cooperation on programmatic convergences.

We got caught up in this, of course, because at the same time that we were concerned about how to save the country from a right-wing government that was attacking rights, the rest of the progressive forces were looking at how to become SYRIZA in place of SYRIZA, not how to save the country. It is not easy to become Syriza.

Because we all have a history in this place and we are not a flare that will go out. We are children of the need to grow up and we grew up in the most difficult moments of the last years in the crisis of memoranda, in the struggle of the Greek people to claim dignity and rights. We achieved a historic victory in 2015. We confronted the lenders with passion and honesty. They wanted to bail out our country when our opponents were shouting "vasta Schaeuble" and gerunds. We managed the last euro of the Greek citizen with integrity.

We have pulled the country out of the crisis of the memoranda and the guardianship, leaving behind the only government that has achieved this since the post-independence period, with full coffers. We found them empty, with 37 billion euros.

For 15 years, we have been familiar with the system's war and the war of other political forces. This war does not discourage us; it strengthens us. As Nietzsche said, what does not kill you makes you stronger, and we will be stronger the next day, no matter what position we find ourselves in. We want to stand beside society, citizens, and the people, building a new relationship of trust that we are currently forging with them.

But the new election is not a simple proportional representation system. Everyone has already taken responsibility for this strategic and historic defeat of proportional representation. When we were offering cooperation to other political forces, they were looking for ways to cut off our hand and give SYRIZA a one-way ticket, leaving Mitsotakis undisturbed. This is the truth. However, now it is an election with the well-known system of enhanced proportional representation, where the first party will receive 50 seats plus an additional 50 seats. What are the plans being opposed in this election?

It is the plan of the government, of Mr. Mitsotakis, whom we respect for the popular verdict of the previous election, but now it is a new election. Their plan is well-known; it is a plan that we saw implemented in its entirety during the energy and inflation crisis: profits for the few and powerful, plundering income for the many, devaluation of public wealth in the public interest, the privatization of public hospitals and schools, and the commercialization of everything.

What is their plan to obtain the 50 bonus seats? Winning the elections alone is not sufficient. We want them to have self-reliance and a total of 180 seats. There has never been a publicly expressed intention to change the constitution by a single party without consensus since the post-independence period.

Because they want to change the Constitution to privatize not only education, health, and energy, but they have already done so with water, leaving nothing under public control so that everything can be bought and sold in the private sphere.

So we are saying that in the face of this plan, which is the alternative, the only alternative plan, the only alternative power proposal is the one put forward by the SYRIZA Progressive Alliance. It is a proposal which wants to address first and foremost the major problems facing the underprivileged: the world of work, the world of labor, and small and medium-sized entrepreneurship.

What is the biggest problem today? The biggest problem is the issue of income accuracy, which runs out on the third week of the month. You can't easily go to the supermarket, you can't afford to pay electricity bills, and pensioners' pensions have remained the same for all these years. In 2019, purchasing power had 40% more, but for incomes up to €700, purchasing power has fallen 40%, according to Eurostat data. And what exactly is Mr Mitsotakis telling us? He tells us that he has not imposed a single tax over the years. The truth is that in the last 16 months, he has put 6 billion more taxes on the middle classes, pensioners, wage earners, and the weak. Because when the price and inflation are running at 10% and 15% monthly, you don't need to raise tax rates to bake taxes. It's enough to keep them constant when the household basket was €50 and now the basket is €100, and it remains constant. The VAT doubles the tax paid by the citizen when you fill the tank with €50, and now you fill it with €100, doubling the space paid by the citizen in the petrol stations, 6 billion in the last sixteen months.

To talk about wages and collective agreements, let's first discuss the trick behind maintaining the high VAT of 6 billion euros. It is the first time in the post-independence period that indirect taxes have reached 60%, and we are being made fun of as if we were small children. The rich are being protected, not the poor, because if we hurt the rich, they will be affected. But whose plan is this? They collect 6 billion euros in public funds and give targeted subsidies to citizens, who then give directly to energy companies, refining companies, and supermarket supply chain companies, keeping prices high. This is the redistribution of wealth. However, the Commission suggested that VAT should be reduced in all European countries during periods of price inflation. Only three countries in the European Union did not listen to this advice: Greece, Slovakia, and Malta. Greece is one of these three countries. The Commission has now announced that subsidies will end by the end of 2023. The big question is, what will happen after 2023? How will the average citizen cope with prices not falling? Prices in Greece remain high, even though prices are falling all over Europe. How will the government deal with the wave of price inflation, and what is their plan?

We have a plan to reduce VAT, excise duty, and VAT on foodstuffs to the lowest possible rate, and to a zero rate for basic necessities. We also plan to reduce excise duty to the European Union's minimum levels. Additionally, we will cancel the payment of excise duty on agricultural and livestock oil, which is a concern for farmers and livestock farmers worldwide. We propose to increase the minimum wage to €880 with the introduction of annual indexation. This will be the first increase in 14 years, and civil servants will receive a 10% salary increase. Our plan is to increase wages and reduce prices so that the middle class and workers can afford it. This includes wage earners, farmers, and stockbreeders.

His plan is to continue profiting and to keep the cartels profiting. When we suggest taxing the energy and refining cartels, who made 6 billion in the last year and a half alone, at a rate of 90% to provide for society's needs, they accuse us of imposing taxes. The same people who have taxed the Greek people 6 billion in the last 16 months are now talking to us about taxes.

We will tax the rich, not the poor and the middle class. This is our commitment, this is our alternative plan, and these two plans will clash at the ballot box on June 25th. There is the plan that wants a strong cartel and powerless income, and our plan that wants a strong, fair society with a tax on great wealth.

You also told us during the pre-election that SYRIZA's plan, by distorting the truth in a vulgar way, was to increase social security contributions for the self-employed. The truth is that SYRIZA's plan is to settle the debts of freelancers, not to increase their contributions. As we did in 2018 for the debts to the social security funds of freelancers and traders by canceling a large part of the debt and regulating the remaining debt in 120 installments.

But look at the irony of those who accused us three days before the elections and mobilized with all their associations of small and medium-sized professionals, claiming that we were going to increase their contributions as if we were back under the memoranda. Three days later, it turned out that they had missed the deadline, leaving uninsured freelancers and farmers. Those who could not pay their debts, i.e. their insurance contributions, and those who were left uninsured because they cannot afford to give a collective 750 €, are left out of Eoppy's healthcare and will not even have access to the medicines that Eoppy provides.

And I wonder, what is the comparison here? Not only the hypocrisy and lying, but also the fact that under the memoranda, we added two and a half million uninsured people to the national health system. We provided healthcare to every Greek citizen, even though we were facing the troika's policies outside the memoranda. They are implementing the policies of the International Monetary Fund, and the policy of maintaining high VAT is one of the IMF's proposals for the European economy.

And we come to another big issue. You saw an elderly man in Halkidiki who is handicapped and still living out of his house because he was a guarantor on a loan of his unemployed son for a few thousand euros. A single parent family with a disabled child is also being forced out of their house. We will see these images by the dozens in the next four years if the Mitsotakis plan is implemented. 700,000 mortgages have gone through the banks' hands and are waiting to be auctioned off because that is their plan. It was no accident that Mr. Patsis, a member of the New Democracy parliamentary group, showed irony and hypocrisy by taking people's homes for a few thousand euros. The funds that have bought the loans at 20% of their value want to take 100%. And who passed these laws? The party that owes 400 million to the banks and doesn't give a penny.

We, on the other hand, have a plan for substantial regulation: protection of the primary residence, legal protection, restoration of legal protection of the primary residence, and regulations that can enable the middle class, not only the weak, to settle their debts. This makes the out-of-court mechanism compulsory for creditors, not optional as it is today.

So, my friends and fellow citizens of Imbros, there are two opposing plans. One plan aims to continue inefficiency, income plundering, and support for the powerful. The other plan, our plan, aims to support the weak and cut the obscenity of the cartels. The clashing plans are those that want to continue looting, social looting of auctions, and those that want debt regulation and social protection, protection of the first home, commercial housing, and agricultural land. The clashing plans are also those that want to continue dismantling the national health system, as we saw yesterday with the woman who was lost in the back of a lorry in Kos.

On the other hand, our proposal involves 15,000 hirings to make all the nursing and medical staff who were on the front line during the pandemic permanent, as well as offering €2,000 to the first doctor appointed to rebuild the national health system, despite conflicting plans.

Finally, it is the New Democracy that imposes the jungle of labor, labor insecurity, unpaid overtime, the abolition of the eight-hour week, the abolition of collective bargaining, and on the other hand.

We have a plan to implement the restoration of labor regulations, collective agreements, and the justified dismissal period of eight hours. This is how we will become Europe.

Because let's talk a little and make a speech. Remember when they told us to stay in Europe? We did what we had to do to stay in Europe. Now, however, we must do what we have to do to become Europe. Greece is moving away from Europe in terms of the rule of law, labor standards, wages, and pensions. Greece is rapidly becoming a country with Bulgarian wages and British prices, which is not Europe.

If we have a national goal in the coming years, that goal is to converge with the European average. Convergence with the European average means an increase in wages and the average wage, but also labor normality. It will never be possible to increase the wage to 1500, as falsely promised without collective bargaining and without unfreezing triennials. How can we raise the minimum and average wage? If triennials are unfrozen, how can the workforce be supported without collective bargaining? That's our plan, and that's the plan we want to put forward. We will look the Greek people in the eye and tell the truth about what is coming and what we are proposing.

In these elections, we will use our program as a weapon and compare it as much as possible with the only opposing plan, which is Mr. Mitsotakis's. We call upon all Greek citizens who know that another four years of New Democracy, let alone a strengthened New Democracy, will be four years of very hard work for the forces of labor, the middle class, and the weak.

It will be tough for the rule of law in Greece for the next 4 years. We haven't forgotten what they did with the wiretaps and illegal surveillance, especially with the update 108.

So we call upon all of them. I repeat, we respect the popular verdict. However, the popular verdict showed that 60% did not choose the New Democracy. Therefore, we invite all of them to reflect on the next day. Despite the disagreements and reservations that we may have with them, we invite them to unite their voice and strength in the SYRIZA ballot box on June 25th.

The system, establishment, and propaganda of New Democracy want one thing: for all those who oppose them to be fragmented into small pieces.

So we say, don't do them any favors. We need a strong SYRIZA progressive alliance, a strong force on the side of the people, on the side of society, to prevent social plunder. We understand the difficulty of the correlations, but we say that this is indeed a new ballot box and we will exhaust every last second of our time, house by house, soul by soul, vote by vote, in order to reverse this correlation to the last second. We will fight to reverse this correlation for the benefit of the workers, the farmers, and the underprivileged of society. We will be on the side of society today, tomorrow, and always, and we will fight. So I call on you, yes, and on June 25th to go together in a great counterattack, to overturn the correlations for a victorious electoral result. Can we achieve it together? We can make it happen, and together we can strengthen the voice and the power of the Greek people, the good ones, the next day.