I want to thank you all for being here today, in a very symbolic place, in the Lavrio Technology Park, which was once a place that was full of the life of people of toil and work, who dug the earth to make wealth. And today is an important day for us here in this symbolic place. Because today, to you and to all Greek citizens who are watching us, we will present our programme, we will present to the Greek people, but especially to every democratic and progressive citizen, what we call the Contract of Change. A contract of justice and stability. Because the time of the big decisions, as you know, is approaching. The time when history is being written is approaching. And it is the conviction of all of us that the time has come again, the time to bring great change to the lives and daily lives of citizens. It is our duty to all of us to be present in this new rendezvous with history. But this time we must prepare ourselves properly, with vision and with a plan. With a programme that is realistic but at the same time feasible.

So we are not here today to present you a science fiction project in a fake futuristic artificial intelligence environment, but a Contract that encapsulates a dialogue that has been going on for years with all social groups. With the social majority. And a Contract that mirrors the wills of the social majority, but also the necessary breakthroughs to lead these wills to concrete and measurable measures of justice. A Contract whose articles have been shaped by many experts, many scientists, truly excellent, not in the sense that New Democracy has introduced into the political life of the country, technocrats and experts who put the interests of the many above all else. Not excellent in the sense that they are coming to staff an executive state, but a democratic, social state at the service of the citizen. That makes a big difference. A realistic and achievable contract. Because what we expect is not only change in the government of the country, but also in our lives, in the everyday life of the people.

So that every Greek can plan their future, plan their life safely. To feel again that they have a government they trust. And that requires a plan, it requires documentation, it requires vision. I would say that our programme is a contract that is about changing the daily lives of citizens. A true Contract for change. Because I think that all of us, all of us who are in society, feel what comes out of the daily contact with citizens. That it can't go on any longer. No more of precision, no more of corruption and corruption, no more of the crony state, no more of the blue grasshoppers who have attacked public wealth, no more of the parastate, no more of the family state, no more of the generalised state of corruption and injustice, no more of the family state. It is time to say 'so much for all that'. Greece cannot belong to the rich and powerful. Greece does not belong to a few families who share its wealth and clothing. Greece can only belong to all of us, to all Greeks.

That is why, in the new appointment that we have on May 21 - if I may use the term, it is a historic appointment, an appointment with history anew - we want to invite all democratic and progressive citizens to be there for this appointment. To say together the big YES to Change. The big YES to cooperation. The big YES to security, certainty and stability. The big YES to progress and development of the country. To a Greece that will once again become a model of democracy for all of Europe and the world. All of us, democrats and progressive citizens, I believe that we have a responsibility and an obligation: on Sunday night, May 21, the oligarchs, the powerful, the establishment should not celebrate again, but the Greek people should take to the streets and celebrate. And we know that this will only happen with a great victory for SYRIZA, which will also be a victory for our people, a victory for democracy and justice. A victory that will pave the way the next day for the formation of a government of progressive cooperation. You know that elections by proportional representation are not elections of loose votes. They are elections that will produce a government for the next four years. On May 21, we will vote for the government that will govern us for the next four years. And, as everything indicates, the first and third parties will be able to form a government on May 22, since they will probably - I often say probably - have a parliamentary majority.  That is why SYRIZA's first place in the May 21 elections is a crucial condition. It is a precondition for political change. And a precondition for the formation of a government of progressive cooperation. Which we want, of course, to be supported by as many progressive forces as possible, but above all to be supported by every democrat and progressive citizen in our country. So that together we can change the country. To change our lives. To bring democracy back to power and justice everywhere. In the lives of all of us.

So we know and we can change the course of the country. We know and we can bring about the change that will give breath to the many. And the Contract we present today is intended to serve that purpose. It is, I would argue, the Road Map of the next progressive government. But it is also a Contract with society, which contains our commitments to a government of progressive cooperation for the long term. Our proposal for a common programme of governance. And on 21 May, obviously, we will ask the Greek people to ratify this Contract by their vote. So let everyone know from today onwards that by voting for SYRIZA-PROGRESSIVE ALLIANCE on May 21, they are simultaneously putting their signature to this Contract that we will present to you today. Because this is the programmatic basis on which we will call on the day after the elections, with the strong support of the Greek people, the progressive forces of the country to agree. Openly, transparently, without backroom deals under the table. Transparently and openly. For a government of stability and longevity. To put into practice the basic fourfold interventions that the social majority needs: Wage increases, price reductions, debt regulation and a fair and efficient state alongside the citizen. The Contract for Change that I am presenting to you today has 11 articles. Many of them will be made by commitments into action in the first 50 days of progressive governance. So that the citizen can see immediate breath and support in their lives. Change. To see that something is changing for the better immediately and to see that a path of justice for the country is immediately beginning. But other articles, such as those concerning the major and necessary breakthroughs and reforms in the state, will bring results gradually, over a period of four years.

However, all our interventions and all our commitments serve a great national goal: To make Greece a normal European country. Which means to converge with the average of the eurozone countries in terms of income, health services, education, the welfare state, the level of labour relations, public infrastructure, citizen's security. This requires a plan for generous public and private investment in human capital, infrastructure, welfare state structures and, in particular, public health structures. And at the same time it requires a major shift in the production model. Investment in innovation, in the production of quality products, in technological support for business activities, in high added value. Our central commitment, therefore, to achieve this is to redirect the resources of the Recovery and Resilience Fund, which until now have been lavishly allocated to a few business groups, without leaving a real development, employment and social footprint. Let us therefore redirect the resources of the Recovery and Resilience Fund so that we do not squander this great opportunity for the country.

With this in mind, I have the honour and pleasure to present to you immediately the 11 articles of the Contract of Change. Article 1: From the first days of progressive government, we have been legislating to raise wages and incomes. We are raising the minimum wage, from 1 July 2023, to 880 euros in the private sector and we are introducing an annual indexation at the rate of inflation of the previous year. We unfreeze the triennials to achieve an immediate generous increase in the average wage. We increase public sector wages, effective July 1, '23, by 10%.

We immediately restore the 13th pension and pay 2.5 million pensioners and over four years the retroactive payments that the Mitsotakis government deprived them of. We grant the 7.5% increase for 2023 to all pensioners, regardless of the existence of a personal difference and permanently include all pensioners in the annual increase mechanism. We establish a tax-free threshold of €10,000 for all individuals for income from employment and include all individuals in the single tax scale, regardless of their form of employment. We abolish the business tax.

Article 2: From the very first days we have been legislating to deal effectively with price inflation, to contain and reduce prices. We reduce VAT on food to 6%. For essential products (baby food, milk, bread), we are moving to a zero VAT rate. We reduce the VAT on fuel to the minimum rate provided for by European legislation and abolish the VAT refund on agricultural and livestock oil for our farmers and livestock farmers.  We are strengthening the control mechanisms and introducing intensive controls on the markets, with very strict controls, in order to break up the cartels. We are introducing extraordinary taxation of accumulated excess profits and sky-high profits and we are introducing a cap on the profitability of companies in sectors that systematically show excess profits. We promote energy communities for self-production and self-consumption of electricity, with the aim of having at least 50% of new licences for energy communities and self-production. Because today, unfortunately, the government has discredited this great reform of SYRIZA and is giving access to the grid only to large companies.  We are restoring the transport equivalent, another great reform that we made for our islanders. We are restoring it because it has been discredited and we are restoring the regularity of payments and extending the beneficiaries.  Finally, we are reducing the cost of the monthly unlimited travel card for public transport from 27 euros today to 10 euros.

Article 3: From the first days of progressive governance, we have been making bold interventions to regulate debts and protect first homes, commercial housing and agricultural land. We are regulating private debt to insurance funds and the tax authorities, with the cancellation of part of the basic debt for debts created after the outbreak of the health crisis, and with 120 instalments for the repayment of the remaining debt. Those who lost the 2019 arrangement will also be eligible to join the scheme. We immediately suspend first home auctions for properties up to 300,000 euros. We submit to Parliament the comprehensive plan to replace the bankruptcy law of the New Democracy, with permanent measures to regulate debts and protect first homes, commercial housing and agricultural land. We are legislating a framework of rules for the supervision and taxation of the activities of funds holding red loans.  Legislate a binding framework for an out-of-court settlement mechanism with mandatory creditor participation. The mechanism, as we presented it at a special event a few days ago, is simple and automatic, through an online platform, and gives two options for settlement: a short-term one (5 to 10 years), with a large write-off of the nominal value of the loan (40% to 60%); a long-term one (up to 35 years), with payment of the objective value of the mortgaged property in low instalments and a fixed interest rate of 2%. In each case, we provide for a state subsidy of up to 50% of the instalment with extended social criteria. We are reintroducing the possibility of recourse to the courts in the event of failure to settle out of court, with a short specific time limit for adjudication.

Article 4: We restore justice and regularity at work. We abolish all the anti-labour regulations of the New Democracy, the Hatzidakis law and the law on Collective Labour Agreements. We restore wage negotiation to the Collective Bargaining Partners from 2024, setting the Annual Price Indexation as the basis for negotiation. We restore Collective Labour Agreements. We reconstitute the Labour Inspectorate and strengthen it for effective checks on compliance with legality.

Article 5: We regain public control over energy and water, which are public goods and cannot be traded, and we establish a public pillar in the banking system. We regain public control of the PPC, and we appoint an administration whose aim is to protect consumers, not to lead the company in the rally of obscenity. We return the shares of EYDAP-EYATH to the State and reduce VAT on drinking water to 6%, from 13% today, and on sewerage to 13%, from 24% today. For the public pillar in the banking system, we abolish the HFSF and place its shares under the Ministry of Finance. We are utilizing the public share in the National Bank, so that it will be, together with the Development Bank, a public pillar in the financial system, which will guide competition for the benefit of the real economy and healthy entrepreneurship.

Article 6: We are building a new strong NHS, for decent health care and healthcare for all. And if you want me to say here that, in my opinion, this 6th article is perhaps the biggest and most important vision, the biggest and most important mission that the new progressive government of the country will have to accomplish. After all we have been through in the pandemic, we cannot settle for anything less than the reconstitution of the NHS, to have health care and health care for all Greeks, regardless of their financial ability. So what do we do: We increase public spending on health to 7% of GDP over four years. We restore the public character of the NHS, by annulling the laws of New Democracy on doctors' labour relations and the privatisation of the Health System. We proceed immediately to a generous wage upgrade for doctors and other employees of the NHS. This is our moral obligation. With a starting salary of 2.000 euros for doctors, with the inclusion of nurses in the heavy and unhealthy workforce, with a new set of incentives (labour, financial, social, educational, scientific development) to attract medical personnel to the NHS, with special care for inaccessible - island regions but also for specialties in shortage and barren departments and clinics throughout the country, We are giving those who were on the front line of the pandemic - and this is our moral commitment -, auxiliary doctors and nursing staff. And we are moving over four years to 15,000 targeted recruitments, while establishing a mechanism to automatically fill retirement vacancies. We are reintroducing Fixed Term Contracts in cleaning, security and catering in hospitals. Strengthen Primary Health Care, with the aim of operating 380 Local Health Units across the country by the end of the next four years. Finally, we are strengthening the institution of the family doctor by using private doctors under contract with EOPYY.

Article 7: It concerns our investment in the future. We invest in the future by generously supporting all levels of education. We are increasing funding over four years for education to 5% of GDP. We are doubling funding for universities over four years. We advertise teacher appointments with the aim that in the course of four years, the number of substitutes will make up 5% of the number of permanent teachers, up from the current 30%. We are doubling the number of professors in our universities over four years. We are decisively increasing public spending on research and transferring supervision back to the Ministry of Education. We abolish the Minimum Admission Base for access to universities from this year, with the immediate reinstatement of Law 4610/2019. Those families who are struggling, those young children who are fighting the battle of the exams this hour, know that we will come to tear down the fences that Ms Kerameos and Mr Mitsotakis have put up in your lives, in your access, in your right to access higher education. Finally, we abolish the university police; because we will double the number of professors in universities. The police officers in the neighborhoods to deal with crime.

Article 8o: We resolutely support young people and women, change the integration policy and put a brake on the demographic ageing of the population. We are giving 900,000 women the maternity allowance (formerly known as child benefit), which they will receive from the birth of their child until the age of 24, regardless of their studies, and from their retirement age for life. We increase the maternity allowance for the second child, from €70 to €105 per month, and broaden the income criteria for granting it. Equalise maternity leave for private and public sector workers.  We extend the maternity allowance for self-employed freelancers and farmers from 4 to 9 months. We introduce maternity leave for self-employed, freelance and farm workers. We ensure free admission of all children to nursery schools. We double the rent subsidy for young people aged 25-44. We are creating a Housing Bank to provide affordable housing for young couples.  We ban Airbnb for legal entities. We double the rent subsidy and broaden the eligibility criteria. We simplify the naturalization process on the basis of European standards, because this is how we will become Europe, with the aim of granting citizenship more quickly and fairly to thousands of people who have lived and worked for decades in our country.

Article 9: We resolutely strengthen culture and the people of cultural creation. We safeguard the public character of cultural heritage. We abolish the Decree 85/2022 and integrate the artistic specialties into the level of Technological Education, by law.  We strengthen and develop artistic education for the performing arts by establishing a Higher School of Performing Arts and strengthening existing university departments. We are upgrading arts education qualifications (music, dance, theatre, film) to a level equivalent to that of Technological Education. All these were demands of a very important movement that we saw from the people of art and culture, who filled the streets of the big cities in colourful colours throughout the previous period. And we are responding to these demands and putting them into practice.

Article 10: We support people with disabilities. Because otherwise there can be no justice everywhere, justice for all and for all.  We increase the expenditure of disability benefits by 20%, regardless of age criteria, by removing existing injustices in categories of disabled people. We are radically reforming the system of diagnosis and certification, with the strengthening of the CERPs and staffing these centres with social specialities. Ensure accessibility in all public buildings within the next three years. And this is a commitment. All public buildings will have accessibility. We are developing and implementing, in cooperation with local government, a pilot programme of 20 fully accessible neighbourhoods. We are ensuring that 70,000 people will be provided with an assistant or carer, depending on the needs of the disabled person, even on a 24-hour basis.

Article 11: We reform the state, for more meritocracy, accountability, justice. We abolish the law - an anecdote, but let me put it this way - of the executive state. What staff state? There never was a staff state! So we are abolishing this anecdote law. No position in a permanent administrative hierarchy shall be occupied by a temporary official. We strengthen the AESEP: all recruitment is carried out under the supervision of the AESEP. We establish Transparency for the monitoring of technical projects and a Digital Register for all public infrastructure. After the tragic accident in Tempe, we have to go for this reform that will ensure the prospect of safety for all public works.  We are reforming the operation and the institutional framework of the Greek Police in order to deal effectively with crime. The Greek Police will from now on fight the Greek Mafia, not cooperate with the Greek Mafia. We are bringing back the NIS to the Ministry of Citizen Protection. We are repealing the amendment that does not allow the disclosure of surveillance by the NSA after its completion. We legislate the definition of national security. Because Greece must become a European state governed by the rule of law. A European rule of law. We must never again experience this abuse of power, this moral decay, this violation of democratic values that we experienced with the illegal surveillance by the Mitsotakis government.

We abolish all criminal immunities. Because all citizens must be equal before the law. We abolish the unfavourable provisions of Law 4800/2021 on compulsory co-custody and modernise family law. And, we are modernising family law, which means, among other things, that we are institutionalising marriage for all couples.

Friends, I have presented to you, as briefly and concisely as possible, what we call the Contract of Change, what we are proposing to the Greek people and what we want to conclude with them in the elections of May 21. To make this Contract on 22 May a charter and a foundation for the common programme of progressive governance. Our political opponents, the New Democracy, were quick to cost our commitments prohibitively before even hearing them. They are used to this. The programme that we presented at the Thessaloniki International Trade Fair was priced at 25 billion. Four months later, they priced the same programme at 45 billion. The day before yesterday, they priced it at 85 billion. The Prime Minister came out yesterday morning, he said it was 70. They've lost the plot in the count. The truth is that anything that smells even remotely of justice and support for the many, to those who govern us, is expensive. Anything that attempts to cancel the party of interests, the party of party officials, is unworkable for them. While anything that fosters corruption and institutionalizes the impunity of the few is unrealistic.

So I want to conclude by reassuring them. Our commitments cost much less than their direct awards have cost all this time. They are measures that will revitalise the economy, they are measures that will breathe life into society, they are measures that will strengthen social cohesion. Because 'Justice Everywhere' is not just a moral rule for us. It is also an incentive, a means, an accelerator of growth. The Contract for Change is what we want it to be and it is a Contract with society. We invite society to sign it on 21 May. And they will sign it. Against every lie, every slander, every propaganda, every blackmail and every intimidation. It will endorse it and with its support and its vote, it will turn the Contract of Change into a Contract of Victory in the May 21 elections.  I therefore call on all of you to co-sign this Contract today and to fight the battle. To fight the battle house by house, vote by vote, so that the great change becomes a reality, with the victory of SYRIZA. To get a strong mandate. Not just a primary. A strong mandate. To bring change to people's lives and everyday life. That is our goal, that is our vision. We know, we can, we will!  Be well. Good strength and with victory! Thank you.
