Friends,

compañeras and comrades,

From today's gathering we want to tell you with all our strength: yes, we can! Our people can surprise! We can do what all those who have undermined our lives, crushed the rights of workers, undermined the life of the new generation with their policies did not expect. A very strong KKE, a support for the people, must emerge from the ballot boxes on Sunday! And especially here from Thessaloniki, from the city that has proven that the people have the guts to take on all those who seem powerful. And especially here from Thessaloniki, from the city that has proven that the people have the guts to take on all those who seem powerful, but are not We say with certainty that it can do so now, with a powerful KKE throughout the city, with a rise in votes and percentages in every district and municipality. In these 5 days left to do the night and day, to make the working-class towns of Evosmos and Stavroupolis, the popular neighborhoods of Toumba and Kalamaria red again. To fill the ballot boxes with thousands of red votes, everywhere! In these elections from all over Greece a very optimistic message is born, there are many, many more people who, with a clearer mind, are now drawing general conclusions and understand that in these elections from all over Greece an optimistic message is born: There are many more, those who now with a clearer mind, draw broader conclusions, understand that what we have experienced, especially in recent years, was no accident. They see more clearly that ultimately everything that has hurt our people is connected by the same thread. More people are beginning to believe in their own power, to see that to improve our lives, it takes more than just looking for the next least worst, which will ultimately turn out to be more worse than the last. There are tens of thousands of them, especially the young people we meet everywhere, who say that their dreams don't fit into a politics whose ceiling is not the potential of our time, but "fiscal stability", targets for "investment grade upgrades" and above all the many profits of the few! That is why our people are responding. The young and the young constantly. To the question posed to them about who is the most qualified of the 2 to govern. Neither. It is hundreds of thousands as many as the dilemma, their profits, our lives are now answered without a doubt our lives have proven it by the huge mass mobilizations after the crime in Tempe, their own measurements consistently show it. Hey everyone now can do. The step is in our hands. Together we can make the difference to express all this concern, anger, indignation, questions about what can be done with one clear choice, the KKE ballot paper. But there is also another very positive message, there are thousands of those who now appreciate more the clear position and for no support. No tolerance for all of them to any unpopular government, whatever the shape or combination of parties, no matter what the final outcome. For something that will lead the people to the same harsh result, since they have a common line of sailing, they have a common line of strategy, all of them as well as all previous governments, there are thousands of them who recognize that the position of the KKE is not only the only honest one, but the only one that is real. In the interests of the Greek people because our starting point is this participation or any tolerance of the KKE. Besides, you are never asked to be sure of this by chance. is done with our people in mind so that through the KKE and thus to tie them hand and foot to put the workers' popular struggles on ice. Those who think this we say to them, better change sides. Here is the Communist Party of Greece.

There is a people now much more experienced who have been spoon-fed the false hopes are now widely known pro-popular management of an inhuman barbaric System cannot exist. The very history of such governments has proven this in the result of the recent SYRIZA government, which after having collaborated with the extreme right-wing ANEL from the very beginning, then brought the people the third and worst memorandum and they are back to the scene of the crime again. Because their candidate here in Thessaloniki said that it is not unlikely that Tsipras and Velopoulos will work together, as they worked with Kammenos before. This is also proven by the so-called progressive governments all over Europe that they have and for example their scarecrow; unless they think it is progressive to keep wages at 2011 levels. Crushing the people in taxes, at the same time exempting shipowners to strike the right to strike, chasing the unpopular preconditions of the European Union, bounty hunting to the US-NATO hawks and so much more. And then it annoys them that we tell them that their progress is phony, it's muff. Now it's time for the conclusion that the KKE was right not to get its hands dirty in an unpopular government to be turned by all and sundry into a common march and a vote for the KKE.

It is a moment when appreciation for the communists, because they have taken the lead in every workplace, in every neighbourhood, in every school, in every school for every small and big problem, must become a choice of support for the party. On May 21, the smiles born from the great moments of our people with the KKE in front, become thousands of red votes, especially the young generation or youth of this country can really make a difference these 4 years. The young children, young men and women in our country proved that they are not settling for less sky. They proved it when as students they took to the streets in their thousands. To demand safe schools, hired teachers, a school that educates. not one that eliminates. when they clashed with the repressive groups, first and foremost here in the U.S. When they didn't compromise with the university enterprise that they have prepared for them by demanding a complete education. When a few months ago they took to the streets all over the country so that the crime in Tempe would not be forgotten. Because there are many young people who know that this crime also has the same history, the politics of Syriza. Pasok, New Democracy proved it again and now a few days ago in the student elections, when again for the second year the Panspudistas became the first force. With firsts in hundreds of schools with a new big rise in votes and percentages with the students sending a message that this river does not turn back. And yes. The river of anger of the hope of the struggle must not and cannot turn back, to turn now into a rushing vote to the KKE to become a rushing torrent that will drown the plans of others, the few, the big, to again load their own profits on the backs of the people with taxes and wage cuts because the KKE is the only party that appeals to the young and young people and says to them Yes, we can live better. All the possibilities exist today. It is up to us to make it happen, because the KKE is the only one that can honestly look the people in the eye is the only one that the people know will not betray them. It is the only choice that knows that if you vote KKE you stay KKE because the KKE has proved by deeds and not by fat words that in the moments when it was needed it was needed. Our people were there because they believe in practice that only the people save the people.

Friends, compañeras and compañeros. From the very first moment, the KKE exposed the attempt to blackmail the people with the dilemmas of stability. We immediately told the people the truth. Their stability presupposes constant instability in our lives, because stable development requires a constant axing of workers' and people's rights by them. This is why workers, while hearing about growth, see themselves working more and more and getting paid for fewer and fewer hours, because a steady rise in profits requires a steady wage fix for them. That is, after all, how their profits are built. This system has a way of devouring even the small, meager increases it gives. That is why the average wage has been reduced by 25% since 2011, not to mention the infamous tourist miracle and the wages of young children who are preparing here in the region to go to sweatshop businesses in Halkidiki and elsewhere. Because their stable environment for investment requires a crushing of workers' organisation. Strike action, limiting the action of the unions of demands because their stable prospects for new fields of profitability require that health, education but also water, energy and so much more be steadily transformed into expensive commodities. This is what happened in Thessaloniki with the E Y A i with the joint signature of New Democracy SYRIZA PASOK got their answer but from thousands of people in a shocking concert demonstration here.

Because also further stability in our region as a whole and in the Aegean Sea in particular requires painful agreements and constant engagement in new dangers for our people. And while we are talking and talking about the Aegean? The result of the elections in Turkey does not lead to a change of strategic direction and policy, because the programs of the two gladiators there, Erdogan and the alliance led by Kilınjaroglu, are in the service of the big capital of the Turkish monopolies against the working class and the people of Turkey, who are facing many acute problems there as well. Let there be no doubt. The new Presidency in Turkey after 28 May, which is the second round, will continue the course within NATO and will attempt to strike a balance between the United States of America and Russia. It will fulfil its own role in the imperialist rivalries. The main element of foreign policy will remain the goal of geopolitical upgrading and the promotion of the interests of the Turkish ruling class in competition with the Greek, i.e. the familiar path of challenging the sovereignty and sovereign rights of the Greek islands. And all this in the direction of all-out negotiations. For the co-exploitation of the Aegean with the intervention of the USA, NATO, the European Union. That is why our people must be vigilant. The NATO Prespa Agreement of SYRIZA has contributed to these dangers, which are becoming more and more dangerous for the Balkans, which are still boiling, and that is why the whole city of Thessaloniki has become a stable base for the US-NATO troops from end to end in the last few days. From the port to the airport and all the city's camps have been counted on, but without the hotelier, the people of Thessaloniki know well enough to send them either to the market or to the sea if necessary. As he did so bravely last year at the port.

Well, our people have this great opportunity this year to shake up everything that makes them feel these scoundrels are fixed, to catch them in their anxiety. The cold sweat on election night with very high KKE turnouts and with many young militants with young communist MPs on the KKE ballot papers. Attack more, burn the cards up their sleeves. So let's have a much stronger KKE together with the people to confront them, so that the next anti-people's measures they plan to pass cannot be easily passed, so that the organized struggle nationwide can be strengthened to claim all that our people deserve in the twenty-first century. To intensify the conflict with the whole policy, the strategy of this system that wants our people in the corner. So we can truly hope for better days. The vote for the KKE will not just stay in the ballot box, it will be directly cast in the struggles for the right of the people. It will strengthen the people themselves. It will immediately, without waiting, strengthen its struggle, the dynamic opposition to the next government.

Throughout the whole election period, it has been proven by the species or the lips of the new democracy of SYRIZA, PASOK, that the next government will not change the unpopular rails. It is not only the statements of their executives from Mrs Tsapanidou and Mrs Bakoyannis, who say that in the important New Democracy-SYRIZA have no differences, up to Mr Apostolakis who did not rule out a grand coalition of all of them or the most experienced in cooperation governments, Mr Venizelos, Mr Christodoulakis, who talk about the impressive convergence of the programs of these three parties for a feasible cooperation between them. More than anything, however, it is the unpopular programme to which they are all signing up together and they make no secret of the fact that this is what they will be implementing for the next four years, however much they try to muddy the waters with proposals that they try to present as attractive to the people and to the workers. Unless a worker can consider as promising the prospect of waiting until 2027, so that his salary, after many ifs, will perhaps reach 2011 levels, as promised by Mitsotakis, or to believe that there is a prospect for the people's family, the proposal to secure the interests of the crow funds. With reasonable profits it says through the axe of reasonable living expenses that Syriza says, none of this is promising for the people. The next government's programme includes over 350 unpopular preconditions up to 2025 for the European Union's recovery fund. The ultramemorandum, this as it is in reality of the New Democracy of SYRIZA and PASOK.

So you can see what is coming and that is why we need a strong KKE to face this situation, especially as there are increasing signs that there will be a slowdown in the capitalist economy. A new crisis with the cannons in the banks going off in succession that they themselves say. That they need to move to a more restrictive policy to deal with a new crisis that is just around the corner internationally and that our people have experienced in a very bitter way. What awaits them when they hear all this. Will those who are paying for their own capitalist development pay again? After all, this is not the first time that a new crisis is about to succeed the recovery. The big fat talk of growth throughout the 2000s was paid for by the people with the unpopular torrent of the memoranda then and the other measures. From 2010 onwards, but the growth they had promoted as the Promised Land for our people in the previous five years, all of them turned out to be hell for the people. One gives him from one pocket 2 steals from the other through inflation through inflation through accuracy in popular consumer goods through tax evasion. But there is no more endurance so far no more bleeding the people in every way so that a handful of drones can win. The people see the same play being played out before their eyes with the same kind of protagonists every time.

So now, strong JCE. So that we can fight these battles from better positions. To prevent them from squeezing out victories, to finally pave the way for the radical changes we all long for. Because now we know better than ever. That only the people save the people when they take the road of conflict, the road of subversion. We proved it in the pandemic and in the great struggles. To save human lives, to support the hospitals and their staff. We proved it in the fires, in the floods, in earthquakes, in the great workers' struggles, such as in COSCO, in the e-food couriers, in the heroic Malamatina workers who did not bend with the support of all the people. And so many other struggles across the country. Now this slogan takes on a new meaning. The people should massively support their party, the KKE.

Friends. Let us consider 10.4 billion euros in 2022, the net profit of only 150 listed business groups, an increase of 303% compared to the previous year. In the same period the real wage. It decreased as a result of their laws that they have all passed in the last 15 years and these laws remain in force, combined of course with the huge inflation and they have the audacity to ask our people, Mr Mitsotakis says a chance to govern for the first time without national use and difficulties, and Mr Tsipras says a chance to govern for the first time without a memorandum. And some others have the greatest audacity to want our people to believe that this huge contradiction will be solved by harmless wisecracks of different applications for transactions in technocratic ways, as Mr Varoufakis proposes, as if the problem is the way in which transactions are made and not how much money you have to make them. And the people's money is running out barely halfway through each month.

But how can you be in touch with the problems of the people when such a distance separates you from all this, no matter how much nonsense they say, it cannot be hidden that everywhere our people are constantly confronted with the same contradiction, that there are millions of workers who, with their work, their knowledge, with their knowledge, their skills, they produce all the wealth of this country, there are workers capable of producing, of creating with high qualification and ability, but not exploited in their industry, a new generation that comes with momentum and struggles for its education, with an appetite to create and grow, to exploit the new technologies and what humanity has produced, and on the other side there are a handful of people and their governments, who are trying to limit all this power, to put the brakes on it, to subjugate it within the framework of their own profit, who see the workers only as some necessary parts and tools to achieve their coveted capitalist profits, who see the rights of our people as an obstacle to their profits. On the one hand, there are a handful of people and their representatives who speak a wooden, incomprehensible language about fiscal rules, about competitiveness, about eligible half-spending for budgetary margins.

And on the other hand, it's all of us. We are talking about a better life, about a stable job, about five-day seven-hour days, 30 five-hour days for schools, modern open spaces and green spaces for us and our children, about hospitable cities, about people having a secure home, about every family not having to pay expensive rents, about all the things we dream of. That we can conquer, that we deserve and are entitled to. There are those who are inclined to all the downsides of green, in-quote development, And on the other hand a people like the people of Thessaloniki who are drowning in air pollution in the stench respectively in Evosmos.

Alone. They on the one hand with their profits and losses with their paper pushers and their political representatives, steeped in corruption and scandals, sawing each other's chair and watching each other. And all of us on the other hand who are fighting the daily struggle of dignity and survival, who fight every day every hour to keep our family standing, who have nothing but our minds and hands but who have in each other and all of us the power of the world to change this society. So alone then and all of us. And the many will win with a strong, powerful Mr. Epsilon. Why our country? Can have a better future our people with their struggle with the KKE together can make it happen.

Because today there are all those possibilities that in the hands of another government and another power can be used to ensure permanent stable work with decent working conditions, with a wage that will meet modern social needs? A power in which responsibilities are created, modern people's housing for all, without the crows of the banks over our heads and the danger of the people being squeezed out. Providing modern cheap safe mass transport for all the people with a modern transport network, including in the big urban centres, and not putting the people at risk even in cities like Thessaloniki, where the right to travel has become a cold joke between the measure of not knowing when it will work. And on the buses of the OASTH, which, in order to make ends meet, are squeezing the staff and driving around in vehicles that are dangerous for the people. A power in which the universal right to free public education is guaranteed, to pre-school education to support especially young parents of couples who are constantly living in insecurity and are being driven to depopulation, even the population of the country. Similarly, a power that guarantees the right to free health care by upgrading the existing hospital infrastructure, with an integrated primary health care system that does not depend on the pots and pans of donors and benefactors. As happened here in Thessaloniki, where the construction of the paediatric hospital, which the city so badly needs, has been frozen because the sponsor has withdrawn. Creating modern human cities, full, green and open spaces for recreation, culture and sport, not caged cities, as is the case in various districts, the city of Thessaloniki, which is at the bottom of the league table in Europe, with a green area per inhabitant of only 2.7 square metres of green space per inhabitant, but even this is the only place where the only spaces that exist are not maintained, not cared for, not provided with the necessary staff, such as the new beach that we have today. A popular governance, therefore, where equality between the two sexes is guaranteed in practice, where structures and mechanisms are put in place to protect the victims of domestic violence, especially children, and where the social framework necessary to put an end to all those causes is formed. Which create an endless vicious circle of incidents of rot and stench. Because the JKE does not address this issue casually, nor only electorally, it knows that female inequality is a far cry from what some people imagine from the fact that there are more or fewer women ceo's, CEO's, what the G7 leaders say, as the Day 25 election spot says.

These and many other things are what the KKE is fighting for.These are its political proposal, its programme for the power of the people themselves. The KKE has the only real pro-people's proposal for government. The only proposal that is realistic and feasible because it does not depend either on the medium-term, according to the European Union's preconditions. The programme of the KKE depends only on the strength and the will of the people and this is powerful, it can achieve what it needs and deserves. Because it is the people, the working class who move society. But we are not simply waiting for the moment when this programme of ours will be implemented. We are making these proposals with our daily struggle. Moreover, now we are not passively waiting for the governmental positions in this power of the people, but we are now assuming our responsibilities, we are stepping forward by carrying on our shoulders the heaviest responsibilities. Those of the organisation, the demands of the workers, the class struggle, the struggle against the employers' terror, the state repression. And these are the greatest responsibilities that we can take on today - our people need us now.

Friends. Against the pieces that have brought us to this point. Neither blind indignation nor painless choices for various so-called small parties will suffice. After all, there is plenty of experience of them too, and they are doing the work of putting small parties for all tastes on the street in order to grab the youth vote in particular again in an oblique way and drive it back to the big parties. Parties that are made and disbanded overnight after they have played their part persons from shooting stars to caricature faces and reheated food. All of them, with the aim, first, to divide the vote of the Greek people here and there in harmless paths and then to grab it, dissolve and diffuse them into a new democracy and SYRIZA. Even the most recent of these, Day 25, has been left with only 6 MPs, after the rest either went independent or ended up in SYRIZA. and let Mr Varoufakis now tear his clothes off during the pre-election that he will not cooperate. And it is logical since these parties have the same strategy, which is why they are both communicating vessels and the form of the Greek solution. Are they not a reactionary patchwork of temporarily disillusioned neo-democrats who are ready to cast their votes for a more right-wing government?  

Besides, Velopoulos himself knows all about this and he had given his vote before the government. Remember New Democracy Pasok LAOS and then supported as a member of New Democracy its governance from 2012 to 15. An anachronistic formation that is now bringing out all its reactionary positions. May it win a few more Nazi votes. Let the people send them all to hell. Thessaloniki in particular knows well the criminal role of the fascist orphans of Golden Dawn. The people and the youth crushed them and sent them to the dustbin. Especially here we are proud because the KKE, when some people were silent, when some people kept equal distances and reproduced the theory of two extremes, when some people applauded the Nazis of Azov, when some people did not dare to fight the fascist monster that surrounded the EPALs in Stavroupoli and Evosmos, the KKE was there, the KNE was there. You would face the comments in the neighborhoods. He crushed them along with the people. He made them run like rabbits to hide in their burrows. Our people will need such Nazi kittens of the system feeding racism, intolerance, hatred of organized struggle on demand, openly supported directly by some big businessmen to lead the system down painless paths but dangerous for the people. Our people must speak again. To send once and for all the crypto Nazi far-rightists who came out in this election, send them all home. After all, it has been proven once again that this state is neither willing nor able to take them on.

We address with an open heart to all those who are thinking in these last days to vote for the KKE, but some of them still have doubts, to all those who say that the KKE is among their choices, but have not yet decided. To all those who are heading to the ballot box, angry about the crime in Tempe with innocent victims, young children who we also mourned here in Thessaloniki. Consider. This magnificent struggle to ensure that this crime is not forgotten and that there is no new one. Who can continue it and carry it to the end? Only the KKE. Only the KKE to the question of their profits, our lives answers firmly our lives for it answers everywhere in the workplaces every day in the neighborhoods, in the comments in the schools and does not step back. Only the KKE steps forward to justify this magnificent struggle of our people so that there will be no new Tempi. In the elections of the twenty-first ma o the only vote that is the natural continuation of the great struggles of the people over the years, the huge youthful popular mobilization for the crime in Tempe is the vote for the KKE yes, the vote for the KKE directly strengthens the voice of the people and in the Parliament. It will stay there and return. It will become a force in the struggles we will wage. Because this vote is incompatible with submission, with the unpopular one-way street that this system of punishment is cultivating against those who have brought us this far and are preparing a corresponding continuation of the revelation of the truth. For everything that happens against the people and the youth. It is a vote of honesty. It is a vote of confidence in the power in the hands of the people and the youth is a vote of disobedience to those who call on us to show restraint above all else. A vote for the KKE is a vote of hope and optimism to strengthen the struggle for an altogether better life. It is the only vote that will cut the wind out of their sails. But it will give uplift to the whole people more broadly. It is the ballot with the hammer and sickle of hope, pride, honesty, the KKE ballot, so thousands are the votes to give a big blow to this system. To put into practice everything they consider their nightmare, everything we hope and dream of. Not to lose Well, not an hour to literally make the night a day, not a single popular vote for the KKE to be lost, to reach with our smile and our confidence tens of thousands in the coming days. To turn the Sunday of the elections into a red rushing river, from end to end all over the country to shout, we are here, we will live better, our people will live better; the youth, the generations to come will live better with a strong KKE and with our struggle we will succeed. We will win for the great, the beautiful and the shocking JKE strong. Hope is here! Hello good strength, good health to all and to all, we will make it!