Good evening to all of you I'm not sure if the weather has spoiled us or if the weather has spoiled us because we're not outside, but on the other hand we're in a beautiful place. We are all together I see a lot of new faces I see some old faces from the old series from DIEM 25, pre day 25. It is a great pleasure to be in Patras with Danae, with all of us who came from Athens from outside of Achaia to come and meet with you. I will be a candidate in Achaia. I'm not saying this because I'm asking for a cross, don't cross me, I'll be a loser. We have a feudal system in Greek elections. The leader doesn't want a cross, so don't waste a cross on me. But let me explain why I'm running in Achaia. You know that party leaders have to choose 3 districts. I have chosen A Athens to symbolize that what to do when you want to overthrow the Roman Empire you have to start starting from Rome. So as we started DIEM 25 in Berlin we had to run in A Athens. I come down to B Piraeus because it is a proletarian area which is in the process of de-industrialization and the transformation of the proletariat of Nice of Drapetsona of Keratsini, of Nice of Perama into a precariat is something that you know, especially you, the young people, that is at the center of the reflection of DIEM 25 alliance for rupture. And I am coming down here because Patras symbolizes a number of things.

It symbolizes lost opportunities and the first industrial revolution that began with the raisin era. The first proletariat in Southern Greece. Because I don't want to talk about Thessaloniki which has a different story. The first bourgeoisie that was born here. The first conflict in the context of a modern class struggle starts here. It is a port that connects Greece, the Middle East, the Near East, with Italy, with Europe, with the rest of the Mediterranean with Central Europe. It is the place where you see the former industrial zone withering away. And you wonder. How is it possible? So many billions in Mediterranean integrated programs. In Delore Santer packages and a bad bunch of NSRFs in recovery funds and you go to the industrial zone and see this beautiful landscape of collapse, but without a plan, without a new development plan, no development plan, no development plan What did they do they gave it to TAIPED which passed it on to the Hyperfund. And what are they doing? Third world stuff. Yes, there is a motorway with its toll, which they have sold. The next 50 years of tolls have already been sold. You know that, right? There is no such thing as a decent train. And if there is one, it stops here, it doesn't go any further. The port is deteriorating. It's dying every day, the port doesn't exist, the port of Patras is not what it was when I was growing up.

For us at Mera 25, Patras symbolizes the alliance for rupture. A glorious socio-economic past, a place where we have a university, a polytechnic, a port, a port, a space, an industrial zone that could be the place where knowledge, research, technology and the proximity of Italy come together. Or proximity to what should normally be the richest, the rest of the Peloponnese, the Sterea, Greece.

Of course, you see, we built a pharaonic, very beautiful, aesthetically pleasing bridge over the Rio Antirrio, but we forgot to put a train on it. We forgot that, I don't know how Mr Simitis missed it. Did he? Is there a plan for the train linking the Peloponnese with Epirus? No plan, as if there would be a plan when they broke up the OSE and locked up the trains in the Peloponnese. That is to say, think about every last year and better as far as the railways and infrastructure are concerned. The bourgeois reproduction of capital accumulation if you look at it from the point of view of capitalism.

So that is why Patras plays such an important role for us, that is why I am symbolically coming down here in Achaia. Like when I accepted the seat in the city of Thessaloniki in 2019. I did my best to be there once a month. At most once every six weeks I promise you that if I keep this seat we will see I will be here in Achaia, you will suffer me again and again and again we have local elections, local elections, local government elections. Know that we will put a very strong emphasis. We have already supported Mayor Peletides. And we have done so because we want to show how we understand the unity of the left. We don't mean the unity of the left as an alias. What will you give us? Didn't we go to Peletides to say what you will give us? How many seats on the city council? Don't give us any. We don't care about getting the job done for the place, but that's what counts for us. There has to be real unity because everyone is talking about unity. On paper in words. We are building unity, I see comrades from ARAS, I see comrades from popular unity. We are all together. Strength in unity. And we show the rest of the left. I was just passing by here, the guys from Antarsya. How nice it would be if we were all together. How nice it would be if we were all together because as we've already proven with the Alliance for Breakthrough. For this embrace that we have made as day 25 the opening after our first consultative council to nonaligned of the left, its to the Arras children in the popular unity to Vasily Lasko, who wrote a very nice article today in the Journal of Editors put something Journal of Editors. Never mind, thank you. To Seraphim Seferiadis. A man from Panteion University with a tradition in Trotskyism. I could give you so many examples of others, like Dimitris Zervoudakis in Thessaloniki, like Hera Dioti, the comrade in Larissa, we are showing the rest of the left what it means to come together. On the basis of what unites us, to keep our differences. To make them strong through dialogue because I learn from you, with whom you may disagree on some things with what we say. I often disagree with what I say. If we don't have a dialectical relationship with each other, a dialectical relationship with ourselves. We are dead we are for the offices, we are not for the people. The dialectical relationship that we develop. As a Day 25 alliance for rupture will be the basis of the new great left of the new great left that does not compromise. That we are selfless, that we really mean it, that office for us is a chore. If you covet offices, the left should not allow you to have them, it's as simple as that. Anyone who hungers for the chair is dangerous. Dangerous we look, we all have ambitions. Candidates want to be MPs or they won't run. It is a constant struggle within us how to fight ambition and use it to become a force for the common cause. This struggle we have to admit our internal struggle, our internal conflict.

And always have institutions and democratic processes that bring out the best in each of us. The self that knows how to fear both the power of the capitalist and the power of the bureaucrat.

Friends, companions, fellow comrades. Today I had the opportunity to make this interlocution. What was I thinking about last night? How does one begin to address anyone who sees it? Through television. And I started with a phrase which is the same as the one that starts the ten-minute video manifesto of the Alliance for Rupture. The future is not what it used to be.

The future for you, the young people, is not what it was for us, for my generation. And this was taken care of by the domestic Troika, the foreign Troika, Pasok, New Democracy and Syriza. They have built black holes in the Greek social economy and whatever they do, the black holes suck all the energy, all the matter out of the lives of young people. If at 62 I care about this project. It is not for our generation our generation, we are defeated. Again and again. Post-political which of you do you remember? The expectations we had after 74 for real socialist change. Who of you remember the disappointments of the split? That tragic 90s, when everything was overturned and we went lifestyle in the dislocation of social, cultural, political, economic life. That's when the loans started to be built that set up that armored economy, which collapsed one by one so it was done by wall street and it all came crashing down. Our generation is the loser.

If some of our generation in the Day 25 coalition for rupture are still standing and continuing to fight in the public, in the public sphere, it is because we want and really take at face value what you, the young people, are saying, young people to have a political capital that you can take and turn it into a profoundly radical overthrow of a rotten system, which is not being civilised, which is not being reformed, which is not being managed with marginal, marginal, marginal changes. 

Social democracy is dead and will never be reborn. What was happening in Germany under Billy Brandt in the late 60s and in the 70s under Bruno Krzysztynski in Austria. Under Labour in Britain. Social housing, a redistribution of wealth of income with strong unions. With social democratic governments acting as an arbiter between capital and the proletariat of the organised proletariat through the unions. Even here in Greece where there was a redistribution of income, as was done in 1981 by the first PASOK government. These are over and done with, because at the moment there is no sovereign state. Constantine Karamanlis, with all the bad things going wrong, had powers. He decided things at some point and was accused of socialism in 1977 to nationalize some banks. His android for anyone who remembers back then. So he decided to take the country out of NATO on the military side, when the Turks got into Cyprus, he had some powers, he did some things. Today the dummies that rule us, whether they are pink or green or purple what is blue. I wish they were purple, black is blue. They don't even have power, they have chairs. They can redistribute loot annuities to their company, but what Karamanlis did, old Papandreou did, they don't have the power to do. Do you know why? Because they handed it over. When all that debt was built, by entering the eurozone. And now because we're a little bit in the auditorium I'm not going to say things I would say in the square I'm going to make it a little bit more academic do you mind? It's very simple.

Do you know why they put us in the European Economic Community? Because we had no debt. We had no debt. And it says to you, great they have their own houses, they have their own homes, they have their own farm, they have their own apartment building, they have their own apartment. They don't owe anybody. They have some factories here in Patras, in Elefsina, in Thriasio, in Volos, in Kozani, of course, in Thessaloniki. We will close them down, turn them into warehouses where instead of producing Pitsos Izola refrigerators they will bring them from Germany and put Pitsos or Izola on them. The cheapest fridges and that will give us the borrowed money to buy the German ones, which will replace the domestic ones that are now closing down. Right? That was the model. Of the European Economic Community and it is a model which is becoming turbo now is gone on steroids too hard steroids with the creation of the Euro, because with the Euro we got the mark the Euro is the mark don't kid yourself, Schaeuble told me at one point it got away from him. When I pressed him and I said to him don't tell me, if he agreed that the memorandum is disastrous for us, why do you insist? And he turns around and says, "Don't you understand? France can't have the mark - he meant the euro - and run its budget. What if we let you go free? Grow. What message would I have given Paris that they can do their own thing? I will determine your national budget if you have the mark, he said. The second time he said it Euro he realised his mistake. But that is the story. So when we come in and there is a tsunami of money coming from Deutsche Bank from Finance Bank because these banks, the German banks had a huge drama in which these bankers were living in. Do you know what it is to be a German banker and to have money in your bank vaults because they were filled with money? Because when you export Mercedes to America, to China, to Japan, to France. What do you do? You put money into Germany and what goes in accumulates as surplus money in the banks in Frankfurt, the private banks. What is the drama of the banker having a lot of money and not being able to lend it out. The banker cannot sleep at night when he has too much money and cannot lend it out. He goes mad because the money is not his. It's his profits he makes by lending at a high rate of interest, but the Germans had saved why should they borrow all this pool of money that was coming in and piling up.

So they found us and the Portuguese and the Spanish and the Spaniards and the Italians in southern Italy and the Irish and they were a bargain, they have no debt. They have houses we'll take their houses if they don't pay the debts but we'll lend them money and we'll make money while they pay us back and we'll take them into the houses, they can't pay us back. That's the way HYPERImperialism works in the Eurozone within the European Union. With the same currency. And now when they all start to go bankrupt, because the German banks went bankrupt too. Why? They went bankrupt for the simple reason that they made all these funny bets on the United States, but I'm not going to get into that story.

The government of George Papandreou, who is from the region, is starting, so I think he's coming down here, right? Black him out, guys. That's mercy, so to speak.

He put us hand and foot in the prison of debt from beautiful sunny Castelorizo. And he saved us, the first saviour for you think about it. He took 110 billion loan is the biggest loan in human history. I'm not exaggerating. Look it up. Has there ever been a loan bigger than 110 billion? Never in history and I'm not talking in proportion to GDP and such in absolute terms. No country had ever taken 110 billion loans from anybody ever it was never for us of course. They went to the Treasury and went to Deutsche Bank, Societe General so that those banks would not collapse. And on terms of course what are the terms? Imagine if a friend of yours came to you and said you know what? I have a loan, I can't pay it because my salary has been reduced, but a banker comes and gives me a credit card to draw at a high interest rate, pretend to pay it, but then he puts a limit on it. I'll take a cut. 28% of my income not enough to pay off the loan will be reduced to 8% through austerity to give you a credit card to get you into more debt. If you hated this friend, but you had to hate him too much, but you must have been very cruel people to say take it, they took it and we have been handcuffed ever since

In 2015, this brave people against an oligarchy that told them that we were in cahoots, that mocked them for all the loans taken by the oligarchy. It was terrorizing him with Armageddon if he dared to rise up, this people rose up. Don't forget that with Syriza we started it, we had a 4%. So a little parenthesis. All serious projects the big shooting starts as small when I tell you that we are laying the foundations. for the new big left that will govern this country, with you young people in the vanguard. I am speaking absolutely realistically, as long as we believe it and as long as we sweat the jersey of the day 25 alliance for rupture as long as we bleed it, as long as we give the fight, the good we can free ourselves. I close the parenthesis. The people in 15 were ahead, they were way ahead of the leadership. Our people went from 4 to 36%.

And during that five months you had an oligarchy without borders, which only launched a nuclear war, which did not launch a nuclear war against us. You shut us down.

The channels of interconnection and deception constantly bombarded our people with black and spidery propaganda. Against the attempt to make a break that some of us made, not all of us made.

We did not make the effort, the break. We tried to make it. They closed the banks and for a week they threatened the people with desertification if they dared to vote no, the people voted NO. The people did their duty, some people tell me now what are you trying to do, John, with the leftist and leftist parties and such here this people don't understand what this people don't understand. When it was needed, it stood up, as it stood up in 1941, as it stood up in 1973 at the Polytechnic, again with the young people and the young leaders, as it stood up in 2015 with 62% of the Greek people saying no to the Troika. The only debt we have is the debt of disobedience to be disobedient and selfless. These people show that when given the opportunity when they see selflessness coming to the forefront of government to work in their favour. This people forget both their selfishness and their misery. And all the evils of fate that our people have, all peoples have what to do? And they emerge as heroes and heroines. I will never forget the Friday night 03/07/2015 in Syntagma Square, in that magnificent gathering for the NO. Where I was caught with Danae we were caught with Danae we were caught by people in their 80s in their 90s, poor. And they told us, boy, I don't care about my pension, you have to bow down for my grandchildren. Don't back break and she won 62%. That break that 90 year old man and his wife who was the same age told me. That leads us today in Patras so many years after that break we put in the parliament in 2019 cowardly alone a handful of people almost accidentally kushuloi as the Cretans say. We have invested this break now with a coherent well-worked 100-day government programme with a coherent programme for the next 100 days. A truly radical overthrow of capitalist relations, of feudal relations of production in this country.

Do you know of any other party that has a number of plans from institutions ready for legislation. A handful of MPs. We have lifted a huge burden. And I'm not talking about me, I'm talking about the comrades, the fellow travelers, those few who ultimately if you look at the legislative work they did is equivalent to, not to say greater than the 70 so many of Syriza. We are not starting from scratch. We have built a foundation stone. We have built it, and now it remains for these elections and the next ones, because we will certainly have second elections. You understand that on Sunday evening the real election campaign begins. This is a dress rehearsal to get fit, to warm up, and in a short while we will be back here in Patras and in all the cities. We will give it with great joy with a huge smile and the next race because let's not forget not to lose the sense of what is happening as we speak.

You have an oligarchic establishment. Can I make a little parenthesis again? The KKE accuses me of talking about oligarchy and not talking about capitalism. Can you tell me what Marx's critique of capitalism is? That you have the few owning the means of production and the many working in means of production that are not theirs. Capitalism is oligarchy based on the unequal distribution of capital. The same thing is once the oligarchy was based on the unequal distribution of land with the land grabbers. Or feudalism in Central Europe. Today the oligarchy is based, yes, on the unequal distribution of capital, but comrades fellow travellers, especially among young children. Let's not make a mistake. Here we do not have capitalism, which has a dynamic capitalist economy. The whole thing has collapsed. Think about the rich people at the moment, those who live in Ekali in Kolonaki, where do they make their money from? They used to make it, they had factories in Patras. They exploited the proletariat, the other guy went, he worked 8 hours, they paid him for 4, as Marx says in Capital, Volume One. He was selling the product of his labor, the value produced by the proletarian, the proletarians, many proletarian women, especially in the factories here in Patras, let's not forget that. So this surplus value was going a part of it to the bankers, a part of it to the.

The owners of the land and the rest was the profit of the capitalist today where do they profit from? From red loans. That is, the fund comes in which a local has made a local with a foreigner and 2 3 other friends. There are also some participations from the circle of Mitsotakis A E. But don't say it too much, I have told the channels, you don't say that. Tell me, do you hear me? They come, they get a loan. A man who's in debt, who's in debt. Because of the 100,000-dollar crisis, he takes it for three grand. He's got the house on 50, he's got 3, he's got 47. Is that capitalism? That's a primitive form of exploitation. It's not even capitalist exploitation. When the coalition of the Radical Left comes and fixes your energy stock exchange in the name of the Left and progress and ecology, so in the energy stock exchanges and you have Mytilineos in it, Peristeri the CVC or Latsis Vardinoyannis. And they sit around a virtual digital table, because they don't lie. Digital messages are exchanged every day and they decide among themselves how much to hack your electricity between them uncontrollably without any purchases. No rules, no caps. This is not Marx, he would tell you that this is not capitalism, it is no different than primitive plunder. This is what happens when a capitalism collapses and the only reason Greek capitalism is alive is because you have the European Central Bank having the Greek state bailing out the Greek banks and all these predators propping them up, threatening a government like the one we're going to create we're going to threaten no doubt that it will create a financial stranglehold on us, that it can shut us down at the ATMs.

We admit these things, we don't say, this mistake that 15 and I made, self-criticism here now, so. We did not prepare the Greek people, the people knew it and were behind us. We didn't prepare them by telling them exactly what rupture means. I didn't talk about the parallel payment system that has now become a hangman's noose. I did not talk about how we were going to stop the closure of the banks, threatening Draghi that if he closed them down we would cut the bonds he held were Greek law and would create a huge problem for him with Italy. I was keeping these as papers. Hoping that I will have the support of Alexis Tsipras to use them at the right time, as when you are in battle, you start in battle, you don't reveal your weapons to the enemy. But since Alexis Tsipras did not intend to fight this battle, but he wanted one thing, how not to fight this battle, how to stop me from using these weapons.

Now of course I'm doing my own self-criticism and saying that we should have made this mistake now, we will not make this mistake and we will not negotiate with anyone. We will legislate what we have to legislate. Nor, of course, will we hide from the people that a break can also mean leaving the euro, not the European Union. Not from the European Union, not because we love the European Union. But because we will do them a favour? To leave the European Union means they will stay and leave. Let them leave.

You know that everything that is being imposed on us, with the result that our youth have no future, has nothing to do with European treaties. And don't tell me that 24% VAT is a European check in Germany because they have 10? In. Bulgaria, because they have zero VAT on all basic necessities. There is no European rule that tells you what the VAT is. Here it's a debtor's prison. Troika. Yes. The European Union is a cartel of big business, though.

At some point we will have to have the discussion post-election about what our position should be, and we may disagree there, so I don't know what you guys from the popular unity say, what the comrades from Trotskyist backgrounds say, what you guys from ARAS say. It will be an interesting discussion to have and I will tell you what I think. I think that the art of subversive politics, of radical politics is the art of creating a majority current among the have-nots among the victims of the oligarchy. That is the art right now of going to a farmer who gets two pennies from the common agricultural policy and saying we are going to leave the European Union. This is our stake stake stake is wrong. You're going to tell him what? I'm going to abolish the energy exchange that squeezes what little money you have left. I'll abolish Hercules where the servers call you and humiliate you every day. I will move VAT from 24 to 15% and all essentials to 0%. That's what I'm going to do. Are we all going to go together and have a shower at the doors and windows of power to do these things? When the representatives of the oligarchy without borders come. The domestic troika, but with what you're doing, they'll close your banks. You know what you say, then let them work their asses off. So you build an alliance not only for the break between us, but a broad popular majority for the stakes of the break.

As far as the European Union is concerned, it is important to differentiate the European Union from the Eurozone, the Eurozone can be thrown out. Not legally. Illegal like Draghi did in 2015 when he closed your banks and then what do you do? You make your own currency outside the eurozone. This is clear, we don't mince words we say it, we are not proposing an exit from the euro, but we are ready for an exit from the euro. If it is a prerequisite for our country to become viable. From the European Union, however, they cannot be thrown out. There is no mechanism. This was demonstrated in the case of Britain's Brexit. They wanted to leave they wanted to be kicked out and they couldn't because it took them 5 years to do it. We will tell them we are not leaving, they have no mechanism to kick you out. You stay in and you make their lives unlivable. If you insist on European directives that are directed against your people, I think that is how you build a popular rallying cry and even an internationalist solidarity.

Because we who work at Diem 25 Europe-wide since 2016 I want to share an experience with you. Our best comrades are the Germans. The German leftists, the members of Diem 25, who the day before yesterday fought the big fight in the state of Bremen came out, got a lot of votes. A group of 50 guys got 0.8% in a state they had never been to before. 25, when we were in Berlin at the Goal, which is a traditional people's theater theater that was actually built by left-wing workers unions for performances that appealed to the masses in the Berlin proletariat. We had thousands of people in there. We were all one. Germans, Greeks, Greeks, Portuguese, Spanish, British. Subversive. Marxists. The Greens. We were one. Well, you know what they told us that our struggle here in Greece in 2015 was what gave them hope for their own country when they were in solidarity with the Greeks. They were not in solidarity with the Greeks. They saw what we did here and today they see what we are doing here and they think, there is hope for us too, don't forget the working class of Germany is suffering. Their standard of living today is much lower than it was 20 years ago. Austerity was brought here after the bankruptcy of the German French banks was brought here because it was a dystopian laboratory in which they did what? They did all the experiments on the austerity systems that Ireland, Portugal, Spain, Italy, France went after to end up in Germany to hit the German proletariat, which they did. That was the plan, both the Social Democrats and the Christian Democrats. So when we go to them and say comrades we are together in this European Union we will overthrow it together. They smile if we go and say, you know what? This thing is not working. We're going to leave the European Union, you're on your own, hello, they're collapsing. Why would we say that? Do we have a reason? Compare the 2 narratives, one narrative is together, we will overthrow them, not reform them blah blah blah democracies, Europarliaments

The European Parliament is a nonsense; if you want to destroy me, send me to the European Parliament. I'd be bored, I might even kill myself out of boredom. So there is no European Parliament. The European Parliament is what Keynes says it is.
a job-creation mechanism for very well-paid jobs. This is a Keynesian policy. It is the only parliament in the world that cannot legislate. Do you know that? You tell anyone that I bet no one knows that, they don't have the right to legislate. It's a fig leaf. We will not change, we will not overthrow the European Union through the European Parliament.

 Just as we will make a break here, we will try to make a break everywhere. And if it works, if it doesn't work, ours will be the effort of our comrades in the rest of the European Union to overthrow this European Union. And you know what?Gandhi talked about disobedience so for peaceful disobedience, we will implement governmental disobedience. Our government, our government will be disobedient, they will veto one veto after another, they will create problems for them and we will say you don't like it, you get out of this thing called the European Union, I think that's the easiest way to build a broad popular majority for subversion both in Greece and outside of Greece. The significance of tonight for us here and for me personally is that all of this struggle that we are fighting at the European level at the national level and at the global level, because it's a great joy and honor that the Day 25 Alliance for Breakthrough is participating in the progressive international at Progressive International.

Do you know that every Black Friday every December? We've been organizing for the last 3 years a global strike against Amazon that starts in Vietnam with the sunrise goes to Bangladesh, India postalabad to Germany to Amazon's warehouses goes to New Jersey, the east coast of the United States and ends in Seattle or even Jeff Bezos' house where we have the screenings over at his Make Amazon Pay house, Make Amazon Pay200 million people are participating in the progressive international that we founded with Bernie Sanders with the Mayor of Barcelona, Nada Collaomewith the Prime Minister of Iceland tte, Jacobs Dotir,with Naomi Klein with a number of comrades we are taking the fight everywhere because the only way to be a patriot is to be an internationalist and the only way to be an internationalist is to love your country. This is what we are doing.

And since I am talking about loving our homeland, we should also love our local homeland, so today I am talking to you here, Danae has more rights to speak as a Patriot, but let me speak to you today to the Patriots. To announce to you to read you the names of our candidates in the prefecture of Achaia, because we said that we are fighting at all levels. Now we are reaching the level of the prefecture of Achaia. Please. Dimitris Velissaris. On stage. Lina Garifalia, Lina. We are honored. Panagiotis Diamantopoulos. Usual suspect. A new suspect, Fanis Diplas, who has something to do with this place, my Fanny. Mariliana yes, mMrianna Karavoulias, Maria sunshine charcoal is not here. She's in Athens, she'll come. Despina Kendru. Argyro Bekatorou. Anthoula Bekiri. Giorgos Tidying. And another usual suspect. Fotini Piliou Georgitsopoulos. Apostolis Triandopoulos. I have a request from you. Of course, your job is to go out, to convey this amazing atmosphere. This joyful news almost sounds Christian now so evangelist, but it is joyful news. We're all together again, we're going for the break, we're going for the overthrow, we're going for the resistance, we're going for the new great militant, selfless, disobedient disobedient left. The request. My plea to each and every one of you is to enjoy it. Because joy and truth are revolutionary, concepts, revolutionary forces. We must rejoice in it. What we do is not a chore. This axioms are extreme. Become deputies there to see what you have to eat. There is nothing that kills the soul of man more than being in Parliament, believe me truly. Believe me, it's unbelievable. But until you get there I want you to enjoy it and pass it on. No. Optimism, only idiots young optimistic hope. Hope that is revolutionary along with joy and of course truth. Thank you very much, we're moving on.