Friends, companions, and comrades. Here in Patras, perhaps more than in any other region of Greece, it can be understood what our people have to gain from a 100% militant opposition, a genuine popular opposition. Against the politics that are destroying our lives for the profits of the few, from an even stronger Mr. C.E. Yes, we say it openly. Once again, we are proud of the Patras municipal authority. We are proud because we are offering the people a fight, because we have created images of a different perspective with the people as the protagonists, images of solidarity and assertion, images of real relief for the people and the new generation. For most of the children who smile in the playgrounds and feel proud, who achieve their goals because they are supported by the People's Education Centre, who can rejoice in the summer in the children's camps for the thousands who have made life their own, the work and rights of their fellow human beings, who have tried to lighten the burden of the Patraikos people, going against the logic of reciprocity that the people support us and that the big businessmen and women of all kinds hate. Because with the pioneering work of the workers of the municipality, open spaces, sports fields, cultural spaces were given to us, without them sharpening their machetes. All this is because we are separated by an abyss from the logic and policies of the parties of the system. We have confidence in the enormous power of the workers and youth themselves. We want them to be the protagonists of the developments, taking power by fighting for the satisfaction of their real, contemporary needs. To rejoice and have fun. To give way to their anger and to keep dreaming. Now blackmailing dilemmas that existed in the previous elections by the system parties objectively no longer exist. Now many more can understand that the concern about who will be the useful opposition to the New Democracy government is only about the system itself. What is now being decided is who will cut New Democracy's momentum, who will slap the system, who will be able to clash, to reverse, to delay the implementation of unpopular policy practices supported by New Democracy, SYRIZA, and PASOK. So now it is being judged how much stronger the CP will be.