Good morning and thank you for the warm welcome. Mayor Giannis, dear friends, I couldn't resist stopping by Milopotamos during my two-day tour of our island to personally thank you for giving our party the highest percentage of votes among all the municipalities in the Regional Unit of Rethymnon. A big thank you to each and every one of you for the support you have given to New Democracy, which, in my opinion, is also support for me personally. I made a bet with myself and all our partners at the beginning of this election period that seemed difficult - perhaps not so difficult here in Rethymno, but difficult in some other Regional Units of Crete - that the whole of Crete would turn blue. And we achieved our goal.

And of course, Crete is blue and will remain blue. Because we must not forget that we still have one more election ahead of us. We are not finished and we must be absolutely sure that in the next election, on June 25th, there will be no complacency. All those who voted for us will vote for us again and we may even win some more new citizens. A good friend of mine told me a nice mantra: "Today all your voters here are proud of you and those who didn't vote for you may regret it." I'm keeping the "maybe."

Mr. Mayor, first of all, I want to say a big thank you for the services you have provided to the local government over the decades. I want you to know that we have had excellent cooperation with the Mayor in solving big and small problems of the place. We have supported the local government more than any other government in the history of the post-independence period, with many financial instruments. We did not look at parties in local government - no matter if you always wore a blue jacket. I think that in this way, we demonstrated that ultimately what made the difference between New Democracy and our political opponents was precisely that we bent over the real problems of society and provided solutions to the problems. We kept society on its feet in the midst of major crises.

And, of course, we also discussed how we perceive the future of our country because all elections are ultimately about the future, not the past. The percentage we received was certainly a reward for the serious work we have done for four years. At the same time, however, citizens have placed their expectations on us as to what we want to do from now on. Especially here in Crete, I have not hidden that we have very ambitious plans. The next four years will be a period of very big changes for Crete. It is the four years in which, at last, the biggest development project in the history of Crete will finally get off the ground, which is none other than the Northern Road Axis. This is a personal commitment of mine, which is finally being put into practice, a project that in 2019 we basically received on paper - it was a line on the map - and we managed to get it underway. We broke it into three parts, secured the necessary funding, and we are now absolutely certain that within the next year - the first construction sites have already started on the Lassithi section - the tender process for the major concession contract from Chania to Heraklion will be completed. We will now finally see this project moving forward, completed soon, so that you can travel safely and we can finally stop mourning so many unjust deaths on the roads of our island. It is a personal commitment of mine, and we will make this project a reality. It will be from Kissamos to Sitia. It will cover the whole length of Crete and will indeed change the face of our island.

A number of other major development projects will also change the appearance of our island. The airport in Kastelli is already making progress. The major interconnection to which the Mayor referred is so important because Crete has, until now, been totally dependent on imports of oil and fuel oil to produce electricity. Think about how different things will be when Crete can export its own electricity. And, of course, this electricity that we will produce from our own resources, from the sun, from the wind, will make it much easier for us to reduce the cost of electricity. This is important for our farmers, for our small crafts, for our households.

This is the picture of the future I envision for our Crete. It is a picture that is inextricably linked - I cannot fail to mention it here, my dear Mayor - to the primary sector. Especially here, in Mylopotamos, you are aware of the traditional relations that Constantine Mitsotakis had with your region. I do not need to say more. He bequeathed to me his love for our mountains, for our Psiloritis, for our White Mountains, and for the mountains of Lassithi. You are right, Mayor, to say that the heart of livestock farming beats here. I strongly believe in the future of quality livestock farming.

Note the emphasis on quality livestock farming. It is quality that can ultimately allow us to get better prices for our meat, milk, and cheese. We should protect our products and link them to our tourism industry. This means that visitors can leave the coast and visit the mainland, mountains, and production units to buy our products. Once they taste and love them, they will continue to buy them abroad. You should know that I am your best ally in upgrading and supporting quality livestock farming. John was right when he said that we negotiated European resources efficiently and secured all CAP resources without losing a single euro compared to other countries. Additionally, our NSRF has increased resources, especially the Cretan CIP, and we have access to the Recovery Fund.

You know, our opponents were very proud of a negotiation that they did. They went to Brussels in 2015, negotiated for 17 hours, came back, and gave us a memorandum that cost us 100 billion. I went to Brussels and negotiated in the summer of 2020, in the middle of the pandemic, for five days, not 17 hours. And what I brought back to the country is 31 billion from the Recovery Fund. This money is not an abstraction; it concerns you. Some of that money is going to the Northern Highway. A chunk of that money will go to put interactive whiteboards in all schools from Grade 5 to Grade 3. So that young children, who are here in the villages of Mylopotamos, know that they have the same access to quality education as a child growing up in a large urban center.

You know what a real revolution technology can be, especially for our schools in small villages. It really opens up the horizons of these children. And they can understand that, yes, they can stay and live in their place. Ultimately, our whole policy proposal is a proposal of equal opportunities for all children, regardless of where they grow up.

Let me say one more thing about our health. We will rebuild 156 health centers throughout the country from the resources of the Recovery Fund. We have Irini Agapidaki with us, who is a Cretan and the head of our State Electoral Committee. She honors us with her presence and is an expert on health issues. We are very happy. You will know for sure that the next day, especially on health issues, in Crete you will have your own person who will fight for quality health. Whether we are talking about our hospitals or the hospitals of Rethymnon, where so many important interventions are being made, or whether we are talking about health centers or clinics in the Greek region.

Why have I told you all this, friends? Because I do not want to be drawn back into a toxic debate of confrontation with our political opponents in any way during these four weeks left until the elections, whom the Greek people have already condemned. We have no doubt that the result of the ballot box was deafening. For the first time, a party in power increased its percentages and the absolute number of votes. So this image of a black Greece, as presented by SYRIZA - SYRIZA and PASOK to a large extent - simply does not exist. We did not say that Greece has turned into a paradise, but Greece today is certainly a much better country than it was in 2019.

The big issue in this ballot is how we can continue on this course and have a stable government for the next four years that can deliver all the things I have talked to you about. That is why this ballot is so important. You also know that the arithmetic of the electoral law can raise the bar of self-reliance this time. What do I mean? The more parties that enter parliament, the more difficult it becomes to achieve self-reliance. But I have no doubt that we will not only reach our quota but exceed it.

This is the goal that I set for the June 25th ballot box, and to make a bet between us, Mr. Mayor, John: to write "4" in front of our percentage in Rethymno. We can. We achieved it in Chania. We can do it here too. Because this will give us - and this is not just a manifestation of complacency - it is very important for the country today to have a strong government - a stable government with a four-year horizon. This stable government today is a prerequisite for prosperity for Greek society. Because the last thing we would want, I believe, is to have a government with a slim parliamentary majority. We don't need that; we need to have a strong parliamentary majority, equivalent - if not greater - to the one we had in the last four years, so that we can move forward with our hands free to make the great changes that we have talked about.

We have nothing to hide. The big difference between our program and the program of our opponents is that we have explained very clearly what we want to do and where we will get the money from. We have an obligation to do so because, as a government, we have submitted a medium-term program to the European Union. We know that we have binding targets, and every euro is counted.

Our opponents are the ones who have "lost their marbles" and one day they tell us that they will increase contributions tax again, and now PASOK comes along and tells us that they will increase ENFIA and tax on dividends. Every day they tell us something different; perhaps they can afford to do it because they themselves have abdicated the responsibility of running the country. What are they telling us? "We're interested in who's first in opposition." People don't care about that; people vote for the government, not for the opposition, and that's why I'm sure that they will trust us again with even greater percentages and give us the power to continue our work for the good of all of you.

I believe that our Crete will be the main beneficiary of this development proposal which we have presented to the Greek people for judgment. You can already see what is happening on the island. Sometimes people say to me, "But how can you come to the private economy and say that wages will rise to 1,500 euros, the average wage?" And I tell them quite simply that the more quality investments are made and the more visitors we attract who are willing to spend more money, the easier it is for businesses to pay better wages to the young people who work in hotels, and for these young people to demand better wages because unemployment is falling. So wages go up. That is what we want.

We want to emphasize quality, and of course, for our livestock products, quality means better prices. Let there be no doubt about it. If you produce a quality product, you have to claim the right price, as long as we know that the product is certified, of high quality, and standardized. All these nice things that are starting to happen, you should know that they can continue and give our Crete as a whole the opportunity to be a leader in tourism, but also in the primary sector, just as we have been all these years. One thing you should know: with Mitsotakis as Prime Minister, the best is ahead for our Crete. Know this. We have proven it in practice, and we will continue to prove it in the next four years.

So I ask you, friends, that there be no resting on your laurels in this election. Nothing has been decided. The ballot box is empty again. There is no first and second round here. This is not a football game where "we won 4-0 and we keep that score in the second game." Here we are starting from the beginning; so from the beginning, we will fill the ballot boxes with a lot of New Democracy ballots. We have the wind in our sails. We are winners, we are not arrogant. We are happy but we are not arrogant. So let us go so that we can - when I am back in Crete in the summer - have a great celebration here on Psiloritis, so that we can come here.

I have a commitment here. I owe you a snowplow. That's my personal commitment. Who would have thought that the "New York Times" would write an article about "Where do you ski the best in the world in the spring? On Psiloritis." For our friends from Livadia, from Zoniana, we're going to make it all, and I want to say thank you again. May you all be well and may we be here again, with good luck, to celebrate the victory of the New Democracy for another four years of growth and prosperity. Thank you very much.