Hello compatriots. Thank you for this warm welcome here in Arta. It is a great pleasure to know that every time we meet. And I see the passion and determination on your faces and I am sure that on May 21 we will surprise them. We will have a great victory for SYRIZA Progressive Alliance, a great victory for democracy, a great victory for the people.

I want you to forgive me for being a little late in coming. But you know I don't travel on the state plane and with Greek taxpayers' money. I did not travel on the state plane for the election campaign, not even when I was Prime Minister, because I did not believe and I do not believe that this state is owned by anyone. Others have been born princes and have the feeling that they own the state and the country. I come from a humble mountain village in Tzoumerka, but I am proud of my origins. I may not be from a fireplace, but we had a fireplace in the family home and we lit them and I know how fireplaces are lit.

So I am with you again to send this message. The message of victory and change, but above all the message that for us there are no citizens, no regions, no B regions. And I want to thank you both for your presence, but also for the fact that you have shown over the years that you appreciate everything that SYRIZA as a government has done for your country, for our country. The prefecture of Arta was a law erased from the map for many, many decades and we tried to bring it out of isolation. In the four years of our government 111 million euros from public funds went to projects in the prefecture of Arta in cooperation with the region and local government. We did not care if the mayors of the region were our own partisans we cared about giving support and breath to this place. And it wasn't just what was valued in money and funds. It was also the development and breath projects that were done for the place that cannot be valued in financial terms. We completed the two major roads in the Olympic Road and the Ionian Road and now you don't need 5 hours to go to Athens from Arta, you arrive in 3 and a half hours. We have put into practice the great vision of the people of Arta, to establish an agricultural school here in Arta and to make the city a city of 3 university schools.We have advanced the great development plan for the delimitation of the river Arachthos. Projects which can put your place back on the map of the territory.

But for 4 years now, what has the New Democracy government been doing? For 4 years now you would think they have a vindictive attitude towards Arta, towards the continent as a whole, but especially towards Artia, you would think they want to get revenge because Arta has been unlucky for them. So they say it has produced a Prime Minister with the left and they can't stand that. And what did they do? So they have devalued the Faculty of Agriculture for 4 years now by abolishing one of its 2 departments. They cancelled the planning for the agri-food technology park at the Faculty of Agriculture. They cancelled the planning for the mountain park at Cross in Theodorian have left the bypass road on the Athamanius Theodorian road. Just like we left it.

But the main thing they have done in these 4 years?It is that they have discredited the public hospital. One of the most important regional hospitals in your city has been left without doctors, without staffing, without infrastructure. It is unthinkable that there is no doctor on duty in the radiology department of the Arta hospital. They say that this is only a matter of circumstance, and we reply if you mean that it is only a matter of circumstance because in 20 days things will change and we will support Arta and this place again.Then yes, it is a matter of circumstance. But their disparagement of your county is not a matter of chance. And if some younger people forget, they remind us with their works for 4 years now.

The rural world, the livestock world is groaning. Prices have gone to God. The cost of production has skyrocketed farm oil, fertilizer, electricity. Farm supplies. Our ranchers and farmers who have a lot of them in our county here are not able to stand on their own two feet and want a better outlook for the next day.

So we are saying to all citizens who are currently facing deadlocks, we are saying one thing, the elections on the 21st of this month are not a slack vote. It is an election that produces a government and have no doubt about it. The first party and the third party will be able to form a government on May 22. So is it critical who will be first in this election? And it is crucial. Who will be first? Because make no mistake, if Mr Mitsotakis is first, he will not let this opportunity to form a government go to waste. His government spokesman said it clearly yesterday that he will use the exploratory mandate to form a government. Today, he tried to muddy the waters by saying that he will not cooperate with Mr Androulakis's Kinal. Believe them, I do not believe a word they say, do not believe them if they are the first party, even by half a point, New Democracy will want to take this opportunity to form a rag-tag government by blackmail, by pressure and even by defections. As it is well known that this family knows the knowhow.

The only thing that can thwart this plan is the Syriza Progressive Alliance's primary election victory. It is a clear victory on May 21 that will pave the way for change that will pave the way for a government of progressive cooperation. And by appealing to all citizens, by appealing to all citizens, we want to pose the real dilemmas of the ballot box. The dilemma of this ballot box is one. We change or we keep sinking, the bill will continue to not come out. Will households continue to save their income in the third week of the month, not being able to pay the electricity, not being able to go to the supermarket, or will we give households a breather by raising wages by lowering prices by regulating debts.

Are we going to let the Mitsotakis plan for 700,000 for 700,000 mortgaged houses to be auctioned the day after the elections or are we going to impose conditions and rules of justice to save the property of the middle class with fair regulations? These are the crucial dilemmas of the ballot box and against these dilemmas of the ballot box. I will condense them into a dilemma on the 21st, whoever comes out first makes the government Ara. On the 21st, the dilemma is Mitsotakis or change? Mitsotakis or SYRIZA Progressive Alliance and Progressive Co-operation government from the next day. And against this dilemma, fellow countrymen and women. I believe that the vast majority of the Greek people have decided why; because they feel that they can't take it anymore, because they feel that they can't take it anymore with the obscenity, with the corruption, with the eavesdropping and illegal surveillance, with the direct assignments, they can't take it anymore with the family rule, with the injustice, the widespread injustice that prevails in our everyday life and in our lives. And we believe that this is as far as we can go and that we must make the decision and act for the political change that the country needs.

I am sure that your law will once again not only give SYRIZA the lead, but will produce results that will be reminiscent of other times. We are being blamed these days. Why is SYRIZA really talking? With the slogans of the 80s, it hurts them that we are talking about change. Because these slogans are not the property of anyone. The great conquests of the popular movement and the democratic party in our country belong to all democratic citizens and if these slogans have once again become topical, it is the right that is to blame for not changing. The right of Mr Mitsotakis, who surpassed even his father in the three years 90, 93. So that's why now. What we are asking of the citizens, what we are asking of the Greek people is that they should be frightened by their vote and their attitude on the night of the elections on the twenty-first of May, because on that night two things can happen. Either the cartels and the establishment will be celebrating those who regulate obscenity prices. The powers that be who have made billions in the crisis were the democratic people to take to the streets and celebrate a great victory for the great change the country needs.

Seeing you, I am sure that the second will happen. And I'm sure the second one will happen. No matter what the parrots of the system say on your TV sets, remember. We lost in 2019.What did they say? But did we get 32 the 100 E's? What was the average of the polls published 2 days before Friday that the Atheophobes didn't? The 15 days ago they gave us 24.5, we got 31.5, we were only off by 7 points respectively it was 15 and in the election the referendum was off by 20 points.

So now comes the time of crisis for everyone and we say on election night it will not be the perfect dairy village. It will not be the exception to the color of the Charter. All of Greece will change color, because all of Greece wants change, wants breath, wants justice. So I urge you in these days not to lose a moment. Let us all come together with determination in this struggle, we know and we can bring change and Arta deserves it. The continent, a better perspective justice means supporting the weak. We have proven that we can, but now we know how to support the middle class with a plan and with documentation and with a vision to change Greece. I invite you all together in this great struggle. Fellow countrymen and women, on the 22nd we will be here to celebrate the victory of democracy, the victory of justice, the victory of the forces of progress, and we will form a government of progressive cooperation to take the country forward. Be well. Thank you very much for your presence. Goodbye.