And we will put into practice another of his visions that he did not have time to complete: after the transport equivalent, we will bring the health equivalent. This is a targeted package of interventions to combat health inequality between the island region and the centre. This package includes: First, the priority development of strong public health structures and services in the islands, with upgrading the salary scale of health personnel, with the tenure of health workers in service, with permanent recruitment, with the implementation of a specific framework of incentives (salary, housing, tax and administrative) for the staffing and retention of NHS people in the island regions. Secondly, the utilisation of even the private sector not contracted with EOPYY in island regions, when the public sector is unable to meet the need, by directly compensating citizens for the services they use, with the main criterion being to relieve them of additional health costs. Thirdly, a full guarantee by the State of access by islanders to the necessary health services outside their place of residence, where the necessary services are not provided either by the NHS or by the private sector in an island region. The full assumption of responsibility includes covering the relevant costs of travel and accommodation in the most complete part, whether island or central Greece, which has structures, health units and hospitals. Fourthly, zero contribution to the pharmaceutical costs of chronic patients (diabetics, heart patients, etc.) living on the islands. This is the package of measures that we are committed to implement, to make our islanders citizens citizens of equal opportunities and equal rights with all other citizens. Because fairness everywhere means, above all, equal access to health care for all citizens throughout the territory. And that means priority for our islands, priority for island Greece. The Greece of the front line. This is what we want to fight for, this is what we want to serve.