I would like to start by thanking you for being here again today. I come to the county very often as I am an elected member of the county legislature.

I would like to start with the news. I am confused by the political parties in the country. We have a tragedy with people suffering and unhappy, people drowning, and lives lost. The political personnel in the country are not discussing what we can do to prevent similar things from happening again. The prime minister is absent, but he says he will show up anyway. Today he was away for two or three days. I don't know where the man has been for these three days. I don't know the odd PM. The other parties have attempted to take advantage of human misery in a miserable way. We disagree with these choices. We believe that human suffering should not be abused, nor should it be used to become a grave robber or to bend over dead people. Unfortunately, they do. They do it because, quite simply, either through offshoots or relationships that these parties have with non-governmental organizations, agencies, and independent or semi-independent groups, they earn too many billions for their cronies and friends.

We have to make it clear in our minds that Europe is not going to help us. At some point, we have to understand that if Europe wanted to help us, it would have ended this issue of illegal immigration of people coming from different places. The oxymoron in the story is the Greek politicians. They don't understand it and they keep invoking Europe. If Europe wanted to solve the problem, it would have helped Italy and Spain, which have a terrible problem with Morocco. If we do not solve it ourselves, we will face colonization and replacement of the Greek population that Greece has never seen before. What frightens me most is the attempt to cultivate a guilt syndrome in us Greeks for the shipwreck. It was not the fault of the Greeks. The shipwreck and the loss of human lives were not the fault of any of us. Those who were to blame, those who are to blame are mainly those who do not take measures to deter entry and, above all, to make our country attractive as a destination.

Our view, by definition, is deterrence, and deterrence is achieved, as I said yesterday and I will say again, with basic measures. First, you close down all non-governmental organizations. There is no reason for them to exist because they are well-organized businesses. They make billions of euros, either from people who give too much money for these NGOs to exist, or from states that finance them directly or indirectly with grants, or from individuals who want to alienate Europe's population. This is the logic and the view of Europeans and Greeks alike. Here, the idea that we need labor from Pakistanis, Afghans, and Bangladeshis, or that we have a demographic problem, as the Prime Minister says, and that we need to graft new arrivals of people into Greece, reminds me of the man who, when his tooth hurts, cuts off his head to solve his problem. By doing this, you are giving incentives to Greek families and Europeans to have children and not to bring in something that may not be able to be grafted, something that may not be easily assimilated, with the consequence that we see tragic images and situations in Europe from those who are not assimilated.

I say this so that some people will understand that the second thing a serious state should do, apart from closing the houses, is to impose life sentences on slave traders. And when we say life sentences, they will never get out of there again. They will never see the sun again, not after 15 years, not after 18. They will never see the sun again for life. Slavers, whether on this side - and I'm talking about Greece - or if we push someone else on the other side that's coming.

The third thing we have to do is to sanction the moral and physical perpetrator, which is Turkey. No party dares to touch this issue. To say that the person who sends them here has a full name. And it is Turkey that is instrumentalizing the issue, it is Turkey that is sending us here, it is Turkey that is blackmailing us, and not only Greece but the whole of Europe.

What we also have to do is deter, no more benefits. Greece cannot be an attractive place. When you give people benefits in Greece, they put up pictures on Facebook with 500 euros, 100 euros, or 50 euros. People in their areas see this and they have houses and telephones. But it is normal because they are also unhappy and poor and want to come here.

Another way, and I must point this out here, is to copy the Danish or even the German model. I could say a lot about this. Yesterday, I mentioned on a television channel to Mr Hatzinikolaou the ban on sending remittances better than they are in their countries, and he said to me, "it is not done, it is money that is given." So, therefore, I will not give money. I will give what I say instead of giving the Greek. I will give the Pakistani that is to go and buy food, buy clothes, not money. And dash that our money stays here. There are ways to ban money from leaving your country. Denmark, of course, has done what we have proposed since 2020 to the Greek government. A study proved that it could be much easier to get the money out and it could be much less to spend on hosting these people. Of course, accommodate what you want, not whoever comes in through the window of your house. The one who comes in through the window of your house may not be a guest, but I dimensionally say this to do what Denmark does has made agreements with North African countries and sends those who are not entitled to asylum or those who need to be told if they will get asylum these people to North African countries at an eleventh of the cost if they were in closed centres and subsidised in Denmark. We can do that too. But the people of the New Democracy, SYRIZA, and PASOK because they are intertwined and maybe even earning and many of them money we know in the Prime Minister's entourage Mrs. Lymperaki has some special connections with Open Society. People of PASOK of SYRIZA I would say are feeding on these funds. Not illegally, but in any case, in our view, unethically, because that is what is wrong that these bodies are doing.

I would like to dwell a little on Mr Tsipras' verbal mistake yesterday because New Democracy is used to turning verbal mistakes into flags. I will say to Mr Tsipras that the drinker gets drunk, the gambler loses, and the speaker is exposed. I do not know whether that was a verbal error about the Turkish minority in Thrace. I accept that. I do not want to believe that there is a Greek political leader who believes that there is a Turkish minority in Thrace. I find it unthinkable.

But I'm sorry that both parties are skimping on this issue by attempting, and I'm sure most major national stations will not broadcast this, to stop the information in relation to Mr. Alafuzos' relationships with armored cars, the Greek Mafia, hired guns, and assassins. Those of you who have been following what is happening are unbelievable. All the channels are trying to cover this story, and I think that some of the issues that came out and were blown up so much were done for one reason only: to darken the other issues involved - the oil smuggling, the underground economy, the black money, the connection of politicians and people around the Prime Minister's entourage with canal lords and hired killers. I say it like that. I don't want to comment further, in the sense that the judiciary has intervened and I cannot comment further. But what I can say is that the Prime Minister and the New Republic, in the house of the hanged man, they do not talk about rope.

However, the Prime Minister himself, in violation of the Lausanne Treaty, asked for Muslim children in Thrace to be taught in the Turkish language. She and Mrs Kerameos are applying this same logic to the children, who according to the Lausanne Treaty, we are obliged to teach Quran only in Arabic. On the other hand, the same party opened a mosque in Kos and Rhodes, while our country is not obliged to do so. Additionally, the party has included Turkish parliamentary candidates from New Democracy, SYRIZA, and PASOK, who talk to the Consulate and are sent by it. Let them stop their hypocrisy and do what we did. We put up a candidate who is a declared Greek, a Pomak with very good relations with the Orthodox Church. He raises the flag of the Blue and White and boos. The Pomaks, who are Greek ancient Agrians, are honored by this choice. We could have put someone with a connection to the consulate, but we do not play with national issues just to get 5,000 or 10,000 crosses or one more MP.

Let's go back to the current situation of Mr Mitsotakis. Reading the prime minister's statement that we want the workers' wallets to get fatter. Let me tell Mr. Prime Minister that fattening is what cows do. Not the wallets. Especially when the wallet has been permanently and irrevocably emptied by the tax and fiscal juggernaut that has been squeezing the Greek and his wallet for 4 years. I must also tell him that if he does not listen to the voice, our voice for a horizontal 15% tax will not be heard, neither Tsipras nor Mr Androulakis, because their cronies who smuggle oil will not allow it, because that is where the money is coming from with the 60 billion in the underground economy according to Mr Stournaras' statement if we only took the 15% it is 9 billion euros every year with 9 billion euros if invested in the primary sector from the first year, the next year we have another 9 billion from the underground economy and another listen 9 billion times five, but 30-40 billion from the primary sector. This is money that you can give a thirteenth salary and a fourteenth and a pension to all Greeks in the second year, give the pensioners the ESAS, give benefits to the employee and the civil servant. Too much money because the money will be there, we will not borrow it, but who will Mr Tsipras, Mr Mitsotakis, Androulakis, hit the oil smugglers will never hit the oil smugglers or the cigarette smugglers. They will never do it. They themselves are their fellow travellers. And also because I did not understand what Mr Mitsotakis means, I want to read his statement in full on the economy. Greece is still significantly behind in terms of disposable income. Who is to blame for this? He explains why we have been beaten up, he says the biggest crisis the country has ever had, as Sa says since the Second World War we have lost, he says, 25% of GDP. Who is to blame for that? We haven't made up for lost ground yet. Whose fault is that? We need to look back even faster. Whose fault is that? That we didn't run first priority is growth. We were told that we have developed but with different characteristics from the past, the Prime Minister says. Growth based on investment and inward-looking, outward-looking and not consumption. Who was giving passes to the Greek people, not unfairly and rightly so, but they were on loan. Borrowed. I really wonder at the Prime Minister's logic. It is a logic bordering on the schizophrenic of a man who often does not realise that what he says exposes him to the limits of absurdity. Better not to be seen as a bit extreme, it is absurd for a prime minister to say something that we all face and make a simple diagnosis. The cure is the problem. And the cure is what we say: a horizontal tax on individuals and corporations. There is no other solution, but he doesn't dare do it because he can't. Because, I repeat, it's a lot of money.

He has asked for 160 seats, he says to get for the next administration. I say all this because I want to close so as not to bore you. Because we have a political staff that is below the expectations and circumstances of the Greek people. We have a political staff that avoided having a debate. And they deliberately avoided it because once again they knew that they could not face the whole truth, because they have no proposals, they have no plan and, above all, they have no understanding of the real economy. We insist and give an example that I have in front of me. We had also submitted a study to Parliament, which was passed over, not everyone passed over and we said. If tomorrow morning and in the next six months photovoltaic panels are installed on the roofs of the houses of the houses, I stress the houses in 35% of the houses in Greece, the average household will pay at least 85%, that is, we will pay less electricity. So instead of subsidizing the photovoltaic systems on the roofs of the houses so that the Greeks can have autonomy of electricity or not pay any electricity at all, we subsidize the energy providers to the rich whom the citizen pays through the PPC with the ETMEAR so that the rich can become richer and the poor can become poorer. The study was submitted and I must tell you that based on this study our foreign exchange outflows each year for fuel purchases would be reduced by another EUR 1.8 billion. Because in order to have electricity in our house to have air conditioning, Greece spends EUR 1.8 billion in fuel inflows. That is natural gas, oil to run the engines year pipeline electricity generation 1.8 billion. Free electricity and earned 1.8 billion. The money is in the Recovery Fund. Other packages go through and they give it to the wind turbines and photovoltaics to bribe their friends and cronies.

This is so that some people in the prefecture of Larissa and Thessaly as a whole can understand that the Greek Solution is the solution to the country's problem, and the other is the problem. That is why I ask every family and every home for one vote. I ask all families to vote for us because there is a program and a solution. That is our view, our position, and we are unwavering. In that position, there is a solution, and we are the solution. On June 25, I ask for the vote of the Greek people for the Greek solution, for a solution to the country's problem.