Friends, compañeras and compañeros,This day is not a coincidence, nor is the place where we find ourselves. Today we commemorate the anniversary of the Great Anti-Fascist Victory of the Peoples. The day when the Nazi beast capitulated unconditionally, after the red flag with the hammer and sickle had been stuck in his heart, in the Reichstag building.For today's anniversary, of course, the friends of the New Democracy and Syriza, the German Christian Democrats and Social Democrats who rule in the local state, have banned the red flag and the march "Holy War". They probably forget that this flag has never asked for permission to fly in Berlin, which is why the KKE forces, together with their comrades from the Communist Party of Turkey, broke this unacceptable ban again this year and commemorated the anti-fascist victory in the iconic Treptauer Park, where 7,000 Soviet soldiers who fell in the battles of Berlin are buried.

We commemorate today's anniversary here, in Kallithea of the Resistance, in Kallithea of EAM and ELAS, of the EPONites and the "Eagle Boys", who gave their best children to the blockade. Its people, with the communists as always in the front line, fought, gave their blood to get rid of the Nazi occupiers, to breathe free in a more just homeland.It is no coincidence that the monument of the Soviet Soldier is located here. In this heroic city, one of the most characteristic moments was recorded, when Greeks, communists and patriots, fought and died together, side by side with Soviet soldiers. They spilled the same blood, murdered by the fire of the Nazi conquerors and their local collaborators.This statue was vandalized last year by some admirers of the Nazi Azov battalion, a few days before their idols appeared in Parliament to receive the applause of the members of the New Democracy, Syriza and PASOK parties, while Mera25 was running to get out in time to escape the humiliation, after having reverently watched the Azov leader Zelensky.Only the KKE benches were empty, once again saving the honour of our people and putting into practice the slogan "only them and all of us"!

Here, of course, is also the illegal printing house of EAM and KKE. The machine, the legendary "Victoria", worked day and night manually - so that the informers and the battalion soldiers would not notice them - in the catacomb that stood two metres below the foundations of the house.Here is the castle of Bijaniou Street, where ten EPON henchmen, aged 17-25, held out for five hours against the battalion soldiers who outnumbered them. They managed to kill 50 and wound many more. They even gave up their lives to avoid falling into the hands of the enemy.This is how fascism is crushed! This is what history, both past and present, teaches us. Not by amendments, not by court decisions, not by general and vague "at the ballot box". Only with daily, unyielding struggle and in solidarity with those who are committed to fighting its womb, the rotten exploitative system.

It is important to remember that fascism is a child - or rather, a genesis - of this system. For we see today various people trying to present such forces as supposedly anti-systemic, while others tell us that Nazism is "flowing" to the angry. How anti-systemic is racism, anti-communism, strike-busting, the preying on the weak, the overt serving of interests? What of all this is the system itself, the governments, the EU, not doing? Do they think that we will forget the 140 questions in favour of the shipowners that Golden Dawn asked in the parliament in one year?So, now a very strong KKE so that all these people do not dare to come out of their burrows again!

Friends, compañeras and compañerosWhat has been written on the pages of history in blood cannot be erased with dirty ink. No matter how many millions the EU spends, no matter what the parties of the system do, in our country the unhistorical theory of two extremes, unfortunately for them, remains a minority.And even if some candidates of the New Democracy (ND) are humiliated in the panels, saying that "the KKE is an anti-democratic party and should not participate in the elections"! Let them go with them to have some coffee...And even if Mr. Tsipras in Sibiu, Romania, signing, together with Merkel, Orban, Kurz and other "fiddlers" of the far right, anti-communist declarations with references to the "iron curtain", the terminology used by the extraordinary military courts in our country to send communists, fighters, to the detachment.

And let some MPs of Mera25 in parliament tell us that socialism was "slightly fascist", that's why capitalism is the best system that has ever been tried!!!!Leftists, progressive people, all democrats in this country, know very well that anti-Sovietism, anti-communism, have nothing to do with progress, just as what Mr. Tsipras said a few days ago in Menidi about the Pontians in the Soviet Union has nothing to do with the truth. Is he ignoring the truth that, together with the Soviet people, the majority of Greeks of Pontian origin contributed to the building of socialism?Let us inform him that there, in the USSR, the Pontians, like all the people, received important resources to distinguish themselves and excel, while today, in their country of origin, they find devaluation, unemployment and insecurity.The Pontians, who came to Greece after the Asia Minor Catastrophe, settled in miserable conditions and survived in poverty and destitution. This was the care of the bourgeois state. But they also experienced the solidarity of the communists, with whom they struggled to survive and claim to live humanely. Then they joined en masse in the ranks of the EAM and the KKE, making a decisive contribution to the popular liberation struggle.

We have understood, of course, that Tsipras is not doing very well with history anyway. Now he has remembered again, as he does every time we have elections, to dig up the slogan "what a Plastira, what a Papagos", in order to mock the KKE. We inform him and his ilk that this slogan is historically justified.If he wants to know why, let him visit the school "Belogiannis", here in Kallithea, where the prison from which 71 years ago the Plastira government and its friends, the "devilishly good" of Mr. Tsipras, the Americans, took Nikos Belogiannis and his comrades and led them to the firing squad.And let them stop saying that Plastira and some of his ministers tried but failed to save Belogiannis! Even so, it makes their responsibility for the heinous crime more serious...Let alone that with some far-right associations that Mr. Tsipras has lately and there in Menidi or even before that in Kastoria, it is up for discussion whether he feels more like a political descendant of Plastira or Papagos...So let him stop scratching on the goo of the shepherd...

However, apart from SYRIZA, the government of the New Democracy and PASOK also remember the returning citizens during the election campaign. They show a late interest in their acute problems, such as the one of housing loans, which have led to the suffocation of thousands of such families here in Kallithea... It is nothing but a deception for the sake of vote harvesting.If they really had the will to provide relief, then they would not have rejected the amendment tabled by the KKE on housing loans for returnees some time ago, last December! The KKE had proposed:the cancellation of all interest and the amounts corresponding to compounding and capitalisation of all forms of interest, a 50% reduction of the debts remaining after the interest has been cancelled, and the servicing of the amount remaining on terms that a popular family can afford. Therefore, therefore, these parties must pay for their deception and mockery, but also for their responsibility for the situation to which all these families have been led...

Friends, compañeras and compañeros, Few days left! Next Sunday, our people will measure their strength, the strength with which they will stand up to the next unpopular government.And we say to them today, here in Kallithea, that they can surprise and strengthen the KKE as much as possible!Yes, they can surprise! With a strong KKE he will find himself stronger, more prepared against the attack that will follow when the election lights go out. When the parties that have ruled and brought us to this point share the ministerial chairs and get back to their usual work.Then their entire government programme will come out of the drawers... Because so far we have only seen the cover page, let alone the titles of the contents.  

However, this government programme from its first pages includes over 350 unpopular preconditions until 2026 for the EU Recovery Fund, the super-memorandum of ND, SYRIZA and PASOK. What Varoufakis called "a chance to do something good in the EU".So you can see what is coming... All the more so as there are growing signs that a new capitalist crisis is on the horizon internationally. And you know who pays the price every time this happens. We saw it in 2010 with the huge unemployment, the wage and pension cuts, the memoranda... We saw it again in 2020 with the work stoppages, with the inflation brought about by the expansionist approach of governments to that crisis...

That is why, as our people say, the children of the caring ones cook before they are hungry. In this case, the children of the caretakers vote for the JCP! To terrorize the terrorists, so that we can fight our battles from better positions! To stop them, to win victories, to finally pave the way for the radical changes we all long for.

Because up to now, we ourselves, we the many, the working people, the self-employed, the young people and the young women have been paying dearly for the notorious capitalist development. EUR 10.4 billion was the net profit of only 150 business groups, those listed on the stock exchange, in 2022, an increase of 303% compared to the previous year. In the same period, real wages fell by 7.4%, as a result of the anti-labour laws that all of them have passed over the last 15 years and remain in force, combined with huge inflation.And they have the audacity to ask the people, Mr Mitsotakis "a chance to govern for the first time without national crises and difficulties", and Mr Tsipras "to govern for the first time without a memorandum"!

No we answer! We don't give them a pass! We do not forget what the people have done to both of them! We know that the next day the unpopular laws that were passed both with and without memoranda will be here. The EU assessments and the difficulties of the system they serve will be here too! Again we will be told to be patient... And they will come after 4 years to ask us again, another "first chance" again...Mercy! Enough of this mockery! Our people are sick and tired of living the Groundhog Day! They want a better day to dawn at last! And this can only be achieved by the struggle of the people themselves and with a much stronger KKE!

Friends, From these popular neighbourhoods of Kallithea, with hundreds of small businesses in every street and neighbourhood struggling for daily survival, we address a militant call for solidarity to the thousands of freelancers in the country, to small traders, craftsmen, motorists.We call on them to use their experience, to take the step and support the KKE. Because the KKE is the only party that has been on their side in every problem, in every deadlock they have experienced and are living through all these last years.

In these election days, the other parties, the New Democracy, SYRIZA, PASOK/KINAL, remember the freelancers. They shed crocodile tears for the "backbone of the economy", as they call you, and promise solutions.But even these vague pre-election promises have little value. And with this little phrase, which lumps together small and large businesses, businesses with a turnover of millions of euros and businesses that are living off the land without even securing their daily expenses, they reveal their true intentions. You know it as well as I do. The most dynamic businesses are the ones to which the programmes to support small and medium-sized enterprises announced by the EU and all governments are directed, and not, of course, every professional who relies on his own work, a few family members or at most 1-2 employees. This is demonstrated by the recent programmes announced by the government on 'Digital Transformation', which require at least 5 workers to join them.  In other words, they concern less than 10% of the country's enterprises. SYRIZA is moving in the same direction, supporting the largest and most dynamic companies, since its own promises also presuppose conditions of "growth and extroversion"! Now what kind of "growth and extroversion" can be achieved by a small neighbourhood shop, a neighbourhood hairdresser's, a car repair shop, God forbid.

This is the support promised by the bourgeois parties. And in it, as you already know very well, the vast majority of professionals do not fit! Because it is support tailored to the principles of the competitiveness of the Greek capitalist economy and in the context of these principles, you are considered a handicap, a disadvantage, a structural problem!!!That is why thousands of professionals and small businesses have paid, along with the working class, the consequences of the crisis, but also the strategic choices that accompanied the capitalist development at every step: the launching of taxation with the memoranda and the bloody surpluses, the crushing of social security and pensions, the deadlocks of lockdown in the pandemic, energy precision and so much more.That's why today, and after already counting over 200,000 lockouts in the past decade, 47.3% of small and micro businesses have at least one overdue debt, and thousands are on the electronic auction lists!

The Communist Party of Greece listens to your anxieties and does not remain silent. It has supported your every struggle, it has conveyed your problems to parliament. It tabled amendments, substantial legislative proposals that could act as a shield for thousands of you.Such proposals were.000 euros for each professional and the abolition of the business tax,The brave cancellation of debts to banks and the tax authorities,The abolition of VAT on consumer goods and the abolition of VAT and other tax cuts on energy,The ban on auctions of first homes and business housing for small professionals,The introduction of a special maternity allowance at the level of the basic wage for self-employed women, for 8 months,The establishment of the Sunday holiday and the abolition of laws liberalising working hours.

All these proposals, both ND and SYRIZA, either from the position of the government majority or from the position of the opposition, rejected them in the name of the "strength of the economy"! At the same time, of course, the tax exemptions for strategic investors and "distressed" shipowners, the reduction of taxes on dividends of major shareholders, give and take, both with ND and SYRIZA.That is why you must reject the false dilemmas that the parties of capital are addressing to you during the election campaign. The growth they preach, capitalist growth, is neither for everyone nor can it be fair. For you, the stability of big capital's profits is accompanied by intensification with no return, daily insecurity, debts and new and repeated deadlocks. This is the permanent situation for every small business, in a system where the big fish lives and reigns by eating the small fish.

That is why we are telling you that you have every reason to support the KKE in these elections. Because your right to survival and the needs of your families also require a break with the strategies of support for big capital. And the only guarantee on this road is the KKE.

Friends, compañeras and compañeros. In the few days remaining until the elections, we invite you, those who have not yet decided, to do so with a warm heart. Put down all that you have and we have lived through in the last few years. What has made you feel anger, what has given you courage and courage: The struggles of our people, the health workers, the youth, in the midst of the pandemic to strengthen the public health system, to save lives in the face of a criminal management by the Southwest government. Who stood by the people? Those who exposed the government lies and the propaganda of the SW and the bourgeois staff, put their bodies forward and broke the bans and repression? Or those who had declared a "political moratorium" and proposed ministers of health of common consent, i.e. they were asking to be in coalition with Mitsotakis?

Remember! The struggles of workers in many workplaces and sectors: COSCO, efood, LARCO, the Perama Zone, the construction workers. The battles that taught that this is the only way to achieve victories, to improve life today, and not by listening to the advice of some people who said about Hatzidakis's law-expansion that "strikes have no effect", "wait for the elections and vote for us to abolish it" and voted for half of its articles and then backed its implementation in a number of areas, such as teachers...

Yes! We lived the youth struggles. The students' struggles for protective measures in schools. Of the students to keep the university police from setting foot inside. All the young people who left behind those who were fighting over whose buffoon is the stationmaster and took to the streets to ensure that the predestined crime in Tempe is not forgotten. For human lives to finally stop being weighed in the same balance as profit.We experienced the great victory of the students in last year's student elections, which demolished the ruling GOP and brought the party of the KNE to the first place after 36 years. Last year the step was taken. Tomorrow, in the student elections, let the leap be made, despite the orgy of rigging by the GOP and other misfits. The youth should send a message that cannot be ignored, 11 days before the parliamentary elections. It will be heard loudly again: All-University First Force! And it will give the answer that suits those who think they can buy the conscience of the youth with two tickets on deck for an island in the Cyclades, as Mitsotakis is trying to do during the election campaign.

Whatever we remember, one conclusion emerges: Whenever we smiled, whenever we shuddered, whenever we felt uplifted and optimistic, whenever we gained something during the four years of the anti-people's government of the South-West, the KKE had a hand in it.So, give us a hand, so that these moments will be much more in the years to come!Close your ears to those who bombard you from morning till night with scenarios and analyses of who will go with whom, with hardly anyone discussing the policies that the next government will implement. Ignore the boring fights, like the one between the social democratic parties SYRIZA and PASOK about who is the... heir of Andreas Papandreou! We are not nostalgic for yesterday, we are fighting, claiming and winning the life we deserve today, in the 21st century.

They want to divert your attention elsewhere. They seek to bore you. To make you say, "Come on, a soul who is to come out, let it come out"... To convince you that nothing of substance is going to come out of the election, so let us at least vote with the criterion that any government be formed; a government will be formed anyway and it will be out of hand unpopular! And Mr Tsipras had better not get cold feet every time we say this, because he is losing his temper and scoring one own goal after another. I heard him ask the question: "Well, are the people who came to impose the SEV's dictates on labour the same as us"? Tell us, Mr Tsipras, whose dictates were you legislating? Of the 96 pieces of legislation and 280 provisions passed in 2018 with an impact on entrepreneurship, 62% fulfilled exactly the positions of SEV. Who said that? The then Director General of SEV, who even spoke of "systematic interventions" by the Association to the then SYRIZA government, which brought this result. And who was he? The current government spokesman of the Mitsotakis government, Mr. Skertos!Because, as an advertisement used to say, it is better to chew than to talk...

And because we have heard a lot of things these days about the government that will emerge after the elections, we say to you that the best thing for the people is that a government of the weak and frightened will emerge... A government that will feel the hot breath of the working people's movement in every unpopular step it takes. And this can only be done with a strong KKE!We know that with a much stronger KKE on election Sunday, even people who may not have voted for us will smile, will feel won, even people who may not have voted for us. So take the step now! Make the surprise, so that the joy of all our people will be even greater!And you who have already decided, give your best in the remaining days! Do not count on fatigue, as thousands of members, cadres and friends of the KKE all over the country are not counting on it these days. Give what you can, so that our call reaches everywhere. Let the ballot paper of the KKE be placed in every people's house in Kallithea, Nea Smyrna, Brahamiya, Heliopolis, everywhere, in all the neighborhoods of the South Sector.Because only the people can save the people, with a much stronger KKE! With 2 elected communist deputies here in the South Sector! With many more all over the territory! To have more militant deputies in the Parliament, who will run, as the KKE deputy in the South, Christos Katsotis, did, from house to house where eviction is about to take place, in order to stop it, together with the people of each neighborhood.We move forward, we move strong, to raise our party as high as possible! To make our people breathe!To finally open the way for the great, the beautiful, the shocking!