Thank you for such a warm welcome. I didn't expect this, we have at least three times more people than we had the last time I was in Elefsina. I will be the Prime Minister, with your support and with New Democracy as the protagonist in West Attica, as it deserves. Because in exactly two weeks from now, on the evening of Sunday 21 May, the results will justify our great effort. There will be a big winner. New Democracy strong for a self-reliant government, for a self-reliant Greece. For the flags of New Democracy to be high, the flags of our country to be high. So that we can continue this very important work that we have started.

I want to tell you how pleased I am with the overall progress that has been made in Elefsina over these four years. And the Mayor is right when he says that at our first meeting, which we had in 2019, the situation in terms of the preparation of the cultural capital was bordering on the dramatic.Despite the difficulties of the pandemic, we have succeeded. Elefsina is the cultural capital of Europe and the government stood by Elefsina to enable it to fully fulfil this very important role.

And indeed 20 million were given in total, from public funds, to enable a series of very important interventions here in Elefsina, which will finally have the museum it deserves.Elefsina is not a cultural capital for a year. It should be a cultural capital for life, with the rich cultural wealth it has. And that of course means better incomes, better quality of life.

You are right, Mayor, when you say that "for us there are no front and back yards". In Attica in particular, we have primarily supported those areas which in the past did not receive the necessary attention from the state. And I ask you, today, from Elefsina, to give me the strength to continue this work for four more years.

I came a little late to talk to you because I had a very nice meeting in the shipyards of Elefsina, which are again bustling with life. Five ships are tied to the docks and are being repaired. The large tank, which, as you know, has been sunk for many years, has now been raised and is preparing to receive the first ship on 15 June. And the workers are smiling for the first time, because they know they have a steady income to feed their families. I would say that the Elefsina shipyards symbolize the whole policy of our government on how to attract investment, on how to improve incomes, on how to reduce unemployment. How, ultimately, young children in particular will be able to claim a better future for themselves and their families.

And I am proud that during these four years, despite very great difficulties, our government has put Greece on a growth track. And I have kept all the campaign commitments that I gave you when I spoke to you before the July 2019 elections, taxes are lower, contributions are lower, unemployment has fallen by 6 points.

For the first time in 12 years, pensions have been increased. And yes, it is our government that is correcting the abomination of the Katrougalos law. And let those still in thrall to the personal differential know that we will continue to support pensioners until the Katrougal personal differential is erased.

We have been through a lot in these four years, friends. Many unprecedented difficulties. A pandemic, a migrant invasion, an extremely aggressive Turkey, an energy crisis, an imported crisis of price stability.

I had and have one concern, first and foremost and non-negotiable. And that is that we will always support our weakest citizens. And I want everyone to feel that in every difficulty there is a state by their side that will come to the aid of our fellow citizens in every difficulty.

We did it during the pandemic, where we gave almost €50 billion - the most money ever given by any government - to be able to deal with the reality of closed shops, of workers who suddenly found themselves without wages. And if today our economy is growing and here in Elefsina, there is, Mayor, a dynamic market with shops that are seeing better turnover, that are hiring people. This is precisely because we were quick to support society and entrepreneurship in a difficult time.

We did the same with imported precision. But beware: inflation has already started to fall, but the tax cuts and wage increases that have been made are permanent. And wages will only get better now. Taxes will get lower, even lower.

We have more tax cuts for the next four years, but our most important commitment, friends, is "better wages for every Greek.As I told you that I would cut taxes and I have cut taxes, so I tell you today, and I tell you from Elefsina, that wages will increase, we will increase them by at least 25% over four years. The minimum wage, I had committed, I don't know if you remember, that we would bring it to 730 euros. And yet we took it to 780 euros.

We prefer to do better than what we say. We are not among those who will come here to feed you "rabbits with stones", knowing full well that they cannot implement absolutely nothing that they tell you. So I want us, in the 14 days left before the elections, to talk about the future. About our plan for Greece 2027.

For a Greece where unemployment will be well below 10%, where wages will be better, where the state of the National Health System - and I insist on this - will have nothing whatsoever to do with the current NHS. That is my big bet for the second four years; if you ask me what I would like to see drastically changed in the country, I would say, we will have an NHS that can serve everyone with social justice. Not having to wait 6 and 12 months to have an operation, having good primary care, good hospitals.You have a good, excellent hospital here in your area, which can be made better. Personal doctor, screening for everyone. Use of technology, another public health picture in the next four years.

And of course, a much more efficient state, with digital services present in all transactions with that state.I don't know if you remember what your life was like and what our life was like before gov.gr. Many people thought - when I told you that I would simplify everything in the communication between the state and the citizen - that this is not happening. We proved that it can be done and it can be done, as long as there is a plan, skill, will and determination.

So you can expect much more in this area as well. And of course, to the Greece that I envision, the productive Greece, the social Greece, the just Greece, the green and digital Greece, I want to add the strong Greece. And I will insist on this, because as you know things in the world we live in are extremely complicated. We are facing a neighbour who happens to have an election one week before ours and possibly a second election one week after ours, on 21 May.Today things may look a little better, but I do not forget that I had to manage Turkish aggression for three years and that I kept the country safe by building alliances, investing in the Armed Forces and sending the message that no one can play with Greek national sovereignty and challenge our sovereign rights.

So the next elections, they have to do with foreign policy as well. It has to do with Greece's position in Europe, with a Greece that will be able to assert itself and not be a "beggar" and constantly seeking support programmes.

I want to remind you that in 2020, after the pandemic, I went and sat at the European Council table, we negotiated for five days - not just seventeen hours - and we came back with an additional 31 billion euros for our country. And that is money that works for everyone and for everyone. When we modernise the emergency departments at the Triasio - I will give you just one example - this is money from the Recovery Fund. When all the children here, who have their flags up, a year from now will have - look - interactive whiteboards in every classroom from grade five on up, that is Recovery Fund money. When people with disabilities have a "personal assistant" so they can live their lives, work and relieve their families of the burden of care, know that this is Recovery Fund money. This is all money that we brought home.

So, the next day, Greek citizens will have to think about who they want sitting at the table of the European Council negotiating national interests. And there, I think the comparisons are quite simple and, in my view, self-evident, but that - in the end - is up to the Greek people.

But one thing you will know, friends, is that this ballot is extremely critical. I am glad, indeed, of today's gathering, I honestly did not imagine we would have so many people on Sunday night. We are doing very well. We're going to do better; but I don't want between now and the election, I don't want anyone to be complacent. I'm talking to old New Democracy campaigners and new friends of our party.And I know very well that elections are won one vote at a time by you. We are doing our job, but elections are won by all of you. The fighters of the New Democracy.

So I don't want us to be complacent for a moment. We have 14 days of hard work until the last ballot box is closed. I want from now until the election to talk only positive things. I have no inclination, you saw I didn't say a word, a word, about our political opponent.  Besides, I don't need to say much. I don't need to say much, they say it all themselves.Here they have come, look, here they are, now the lack of arguments, three days now they have been arguing about the legacy of Andreas Papandreou, as if we care about what happened in Greece in '81.

I don't care what happened in Greece in '81, you don't care what happened in Greece in '81, we know what happened then. You are interested in what happens in Greece in '23 and how we move forward and how we all live in a better country. But, in order to be absolutely sure that this ballot will not lead to political monstrosities and underground alliances that will exploit the simple proportional representation between 'progressive forces', there is only one way: to close the door on them by sending a strong message with New Democracy powerful in the ballot box on 21 May.

Only this will prevent all the scenarios which - be absolutely sure and certain - some people are still running around. Because you see that the protagonists of '15 are still here.I imagine that Mr Varoufakis will come to the debate to explain to us how he will make your euros "Demeter", eh?  But this is no laughing matter, it is very serious. And there in the debate they might explain to us - and everybody - how they understand exactly this progressive governance they are talking about, and we say to them: we are not interested in any such "progressive governance". We want New Democracy to be strong, we have a proposal for governance, we are tried and tested in the difficulties of power. We can take the country even higher and we ask you to give us the strength to do so.

Our young friend hasn't gotten wet yet, but I don't know how he'll go to school tomorrow. Anyway, I thank him for holding up the flag of the New Republic and the flag of Greece. And those flags will fly high on May 21 as well. So let us all go together for a great victory. Let's go and meet again here, in the cultural capital, to celebrate the victory of New Democracy, the victory of Greece. Steadily. Boldly. Forward. Be well. Thank you. Thank you for this impressive welcome.