Friends, comrades, and companions, we are here again in Patras, 6 days before the elections, to bring the one and only hopeful message that can emerge from the ballot box in June. And that is the even greater strengthening of Mr. C.E.

When the exploiters in this country feel happy, it is because they will have a government that can do their work for them starting on Monday.

The workers, laborers, working people, professionals, scientists, and peasants will feel happy and content for the exact opposite reason. There will be a 100% popular militant opposition against this government. And that is only thanks to Mr. C.E.

But we are also a few days after another predictable crime: the shipwreck off Pylos that continues to shock us all. Mr. C.E. is once again taking responsibility and speaking clearly against the rot and cynicism of all the voices in the system. There is the choice of the action of organized struggle in the face of what freezes the soul, against statements that only cause nausea, such as how much a search and rescue operation costs Greece, as others say. There will be a Mr. C.E. who will say when a mother and her child enter the hold of a nutcracker. Everything must be done to protect human life at sea and save it, as provided for by international conventions.

We are in this whole debate. We also want to say one thing clearly. Yes, everyone can feel human when they go out on the street, stand up in shock and anger, and defend the life of every human being who is being priced too high in this system and ultimately priced too cheaply by decision makers for the few to pay too dearly. For Mr. C. E., the dilemma of profits or lives is answered every day in the struggle to overturn this injustice and the laws that impose it on the struggle. It is for all of us, especially our children, to live better.

And for the executives of New Democracy who go around the channels and have the audacity to claim that they are realistic, they say that humanism is cheap and only for living rooms.

We communists answer other militants. Like millions of people in our country and around the world, we are inspired by the words of Che, that great revolutionary, who said that the life of a human being is worth a million times more than the fortune of the richest man on earth.

Why 2023? Realism is to stop the social parasitism of capitalists who, for the sake of their profits, are determined to commit any crime. You see, each party chooses what it will describe as humanism and realism.

New Democracy, SYRIZA, and PASOK have characterized the bombing of Libya, Syria, Iraq, Yugoslavia, and the criminal actions of the murderous state of Israel against Palestine as humanitarian interventions and realistic approaches to the modern world. As long as they stand with complacency and attention next to the butchers of this world, cooperate with authoritarian regimes, and conclude agreements so that Greek monopolistic groups can profit from the occupation of bombed and poor countries, we must be rebellious.

As long as we approach the refugee problem with realism, we will honor the memory of the little Aylan children who were lost a few days ago. We will show solidarity with all persecuted individuals, make practical suggestions to abolish the European Union's unacceptable agreements, establish asylum committees in Turkey, and facilitate refugees' travel to their intended destinations. We will strive to eliminate the corrupt system that perpetuates crises, war, poverty, and displacement.

Friends, companions, and comrades, in daily life that unfortunately constantly confirms that things are going to be difficult for the people and the country, especially for the youth, what New Democracy, SYRIZA, and PASOK say a few days before the elections seems to be more comically tragic. We are told by New Democracy that if a strong self-reliant government emerges, we have nothing to fear. Greece, they say, will move forward and leave no one behind. Since these proposals are not worthy of serious comment, we would say that they should send a member of the New Democracy party to Europe's largest economy. There, according to Germany, which has entered a phase of economic recession, so that they too can save the country. On the other hand, the fall of Syriza also has no end. They have gone so far as to say that anyone who does not vote for Syriza in these elections is supporting New Democracy. As a matter of fact, they're sticking to that again. Because with Marantzidis as an advisor, they could draw historical parallels, like during the occupation when he claims that anyone who didn't support the collective governments and fascists and participated in the resistance was, he says, feeding the Nazi crimes. As if we were not ashamed, but the very grief, apart from insanity, also generates plenty of reaction. PASOK, on the other hand, is setting its sights on the rebirth of the Democratic Party to become the dream of progressive people, says its New East. But the dreams of the PASOK cadres we have a lot of experience of how they turned into a real nightmare for the people.

We, friends, are realistically optimistic that the next step can be taken after the step taken on May 21 with the electoral support of Mr. C.E. In this Sunday's election, there are thousands of people who smiled at the party's numbers despite the otherwise negative political context that remains. Mr. K.E. has already shown in the few days since the last election, with New Democracy wanting to come out in force and SYRIZA and PASOK competing to see who will be the better coalition in its policies, that no government is omnipotent when it is opposed by a strong working people's movement, an even stronger Mr. K.E.

But for that to happen, much more needs to be done, especially with the even more fraudulent, predatory electoral law under which these elections will be held.

We need the party to reach even higher everywhere, here in the city of Patras, in Aigio, in all the villages of Achaia, but also throughout Western Greece and throughout Greece. Those who took the step should do it again, and those who thought about it and postponed it should do it now.

It will be especially necessary for the thousands of people who are building this miracle of profits for the big tourism groups with their sweat and exhaustion, and are effectively forced to abstain and unable to go and vote in these elections, to be persuaded and to invest in their future. They should do everything in their power. We should support them to get a permit and go and vote, so that no one will be speaking on their behalf the next day.

Because that is the only way Mr. C.E.'s MPs can put all these other people who do not know that she is a maid, has musculoskeletal problems, and is not entitled to heavy and unhealthy work in their place. However, they speak with the tone of a thousand hearts about the tourist miracle. It will astonish those who have never been able to understand what it is like to serve and cook for hundreds of people every day and earn around 900 euros, but they all claim to be with these workers, to their horror.

But above all, only if the workers themselves, despite all the great difficulties, make it their business to strengthen Mr. C.E. The next day, they can be sure that they will also obtain conquests. United and proud, all workers will be able to make a rag paper of reactionary provisions, as recently happened in a very large hotel that demanded, if possible, a penalty clause of 5,000 euros from its employee if an employee could not stand the exhaustion and working conditions and left.

Yes, we will have to raise Mr. K.E.'s percentages even higher, very high, in Kefalonia and Zakynthos, as well as in all of our islands. We must also focus on the working-class neighborhoods of Patras that brought us happiness in the previous elections. These areas have confirmed the prestige of our party and its militant ties with thousands of people, and can contribute even more to increasing the strength of the M.C.E. throughout the country.

It will be necessary not to scatter the vote to parties that are clearly reactionary personalities and always useful political puppets, unfortunately of this system. But, well, it is not a matter of concern, really, to any sensible person, the excessive promotion of Mrs Konstantopoulou. What happened all of a sudden? Are they running out of reality shows and thought maybe they should get involved with the movement of supposed love? Even mockery has its limits. Not to mention the fact that this particular political lawyer has a checkered past. She is indeed consistent in her views, but it was her views that led her not even to bring Mr C.E.'s proposal for a law to abolish the memoranda when she was President of Parliament. She was of the opinion, you see, that the repeal of the unjust laws of the memorandum was, as she had said, a figure of speech to justify Tsipras saying so, that is, to fool the people. So that is why this lady has a certain present to have no positions on any problem of our people, absolutely youth. Just some generalities. The only time she gets specific was and is when she wants to coddle the orphans of Golden Dawn, since wherever she stands and wherever she is she basically characterizes them as an antisystemic force. That is why she has a predetermined future. That is, what all these parties have are shooting stars whose main characteristic over time is to support with votes or even with their MPs, governments and the rest of the parties of the system to have no positions on any popular problem, nor any presence. Where the people and the young generation are struggling to catch their breath to crush injustice. Who does not remember the journalist with the backpack who voted for the third memorandum and his MPs then got taken away by Potami? That was his party and they scattered to New Democracy, Syriza and PASOK. What can one say today about the DIMAR, the LAOS, Leventis, Kammenos of ANEL and so many others? As they came, so they disappeared.

Friends, comrades and companions. Before and now, we have been saying loudly and clearly that New Democracy, Syriza and PASOK share common commitments to the European Union, NATO and big monopoly groups. This is precisely why they have a common anti-people's strategic program. Everything that has happened in the recent period confirms this in the most revealing way.

All of them have voted for and implemented inhumane policies of the European Union on refugees, for example, asylum, and some members of New Democracy are spewing the poison of humanitarianism. At the same time, on the other hand, SYRIZA has gone beyond any limit of hypocrisy. They talk about the right to asylum that all refugees have, when it was SYRIZA that incorporated the concept of a safe third country into Greek legislation, which effectively tramples this right under the carpet. He talks about the responsibilities of the European Union. Well, who implemented Dublin for four and a half years? Who enlarged the hellhole of Moria? Who implemented the Joint Declaration of the European Union and Turkey that inflated this problem with the uprooted people and the inhabitants of our islands? They ask and rightly so. What are the protocols that Frodex implemented to save people? But these gentlemen ought to know the answer, since SYRIZA boasts that he was the one who called for NATO warships to solve the refugee problem in the Aegean. Didn't he know, he asked.

And as for PASOK, what can anyone say now? High philosophy and humanism from a party that, as a government and as an opposition, not only supported but also spearheaded imperialist operations.

They all have the European Union Recovery Fund as their holy grail, as you have heard. For three years now, while everyone was talking about European Union money trees, he has been talking about a new super-memorandum, about billions directed only to big corporations, about loans and grants that are disbursed only if new unpopular measures are passed, about money that will be paid for by the tax drain of the Greek people. Even Mitsotakis, in an interview a few days ago, described it as a memorandum with specific commitments. The European Union itself has sent a decree that states taxes paid by the Greek people must be increased in order to repay the loans and interest.

All of them recognize that healthcare today is a commodity, meaning that private healthcare parasites prey on it, while the public system operates on private economic criteria. The revulsion caused by the New Democracy MP, who spoke of the unaffordability of cancer care like a modern-day Mengele fascist, is only one thing. But are these statements really so foreign to the policies implemented by both the New Republic and SYRIZA and PASOK? Who closed more than 10 hospitals in Greece and kept them closed? Who ruled during the years when healthcare costs for our people skyrocketed? Who increased the contribution to pharmaceutical expenditure? And which of these parties with supposedly realistic proposals supported Mr. K.E.'s proposal for an attack on the private health sector that was making a fortune on the backs and money of the workers when the people were facing an unprecedented pandemic situation?

None of them have costed programs. All of them have absolutely no costed programs. And do you know why? Because they all have fiscal stability and the notorious resilience of the capitalist economy as an inviolable condition. They all swear allegiance to the sacred rules of the bloody surpluses of the European Union. But it is these economic resilience and modern investment tools that allow hundreds of millions of euros to be given to energy groups to build charging stations for electric cars. However, in Greece in 2023, people will die because there are no ambulances or ambulance drivers and rescuers. The competitiveness of the Greek economy and the notorious production model that every party in the system has been saying for 50 years that it will reform, brings only huge profits for companies and a drop in the average real wage for workers. It brings smiles, you see, to the big shipbuilding contractors in Perama. But it brings tears and anger to workers who are counting dead and crippled.

Comrades, friends. Today there are even more reasons to strengthen Mr. C.E. There are even more examples that confirm who can face the next unpopular government of New Democracy. Just think, what will Mr. C.E. and his MPs do if he gets a couple, three percent more in the election? And what will the rest of the parties do to Mr. C.E.'s MPs?

Since Monday, May 22, when the previous elections were held, they have been working together with unions, associations, and institutions to save more than 16 homes.

Many trading shops from the bank crows also participated in the struggles alongside the workers of the zone and took another step to declare the Collective Labour Agreement mandatory. This agreement includes special provisions for health and safety measures for all workplaces. They were also present at the struggles of the hotel workers in Crete and Athens.

Elsewhere, in Kalamia, Kozani, green predators are installing photovoltaic panels even in people's yards, in an area that is experiencing both the black and green growth of capitalism, which permanently darkens their lives.

It was also here, outside the gates of the former ELAS in Patras, that the workers were thrown out onto the street. In other words, they were everywhere, reinforcing and supporting every flame of resistance and every struggle that is absolutely just. Workers can win and achieve victories when big corporations lose big capital.

What will really change if SYRIZA gets a few more points and elects two or three more MPs? In the previous elections in 2019, it supported all the emblematic unpopular bills of New Democracy with 32% of the vote. Over 50% of its bills. What will change if PASOK is strengthened?

We want to speak out, as we have done all these years, especially to every progressive person here in Patras, in Achaia. In other words, we should talk to all those who support Kostas Peletidis and the municipal authority of Patras, which has cut the ties of various local and nationwide parties and has led to the paralysis of various local members of other parties. We want to appeal to all those with whom we managed to make the Labour Centre a point of reference for workers, for the workers of the city of the prefecture, when the system of employers who had confused unionism with the management of subsidies and Community programmes was broken. We are addressing all those who smile and feel proud that in Patras too, the Panspoudastiki among the students continues to raise its rates to become the first force. We speak to all those whose hearts and souls have been warmed, because they see with many examples that so much can be done when the people fight to save the people. So we say clearly: the wolf that never wears the sheepskin of Syriza, never of PASOK, no matter how much he is baptized, no matter how much he dyes his hair, never changes his mind, never changes his head. What thousands of people have done, that is, become disillusioned and abandon it, especially PASOK, but also other parties. Here, especially in Achaia, it must be stronger in these elections.

You heard them regret holding the record for passing all three memoranda. PASOK tells us they saved the country by paying the political cost. Big deal, good guy. So let's thank them for skinning us. Did you hear them regretting that they were in government with New Democracy and Karatzaferis? But these, even as baptized people. Now they voted for 70% of Mitsotakis' bills and said they were ready to do it again, as long as Mitsotakis was not prime minister. Did you listen, did you see among the prominent cadres, especially in PASOK, any honest and militant trade unionists from among those who for many years may have existed within PASKE? No. It is now in their DNA those who stayed there as Panagopoulos and Karra Georgopoulos syndicalism. Social democracy, sinful in all respects, did not all switch to SYRIZA. You see it stayed in the orthodox one too. One only has to look at the Brussels side.

We speak with respect to all the people who can actually look back on some of the better days that existed in the past. The fact that we have experienced better times is owed to our hard work. We owe it to the countless sacrifices of our grandfathers and fathers, to our struggles. However, the system we live under cannot return to the past.

As long as this corrupt system continues to exist, it will become more and more reactionary. That is the law. This is evidenced by how much more conservative all the parties that decide to serve it are becoming. PASOK is among them.

Friends, companions, and comrades. Here in Patras, perhaps more than in any other region of Greece, it can be understood what our people have to gain from a 100% militant opposition, a genuine popular opposition. Against the politics that are destroying our lives for the profits of the few, from an even stronger Mr. C.E. Yes, we say it openly. Once again, we are proud of the Patras municipal authority. We are proud because we are offering the people a fight, because we have created images of a different perspective with the people as the protagonists, images of solidarity and assertion, images of real relief for the people and the new generation. For most of the children who smile in the playgrounds and feel proud, who achieve their goals because they are supported by the People's Education Centre, who can rejoice in the summer in the children's camps for the thousands who have made life their own, the work and rights of their fellow human beings, who have tried to lighten the burden of the Patraikos people, going against the logic of reciprocity that the people support us and that the big businessmen and women of all kinds hate. Because with the pioneering work of the workers of the municipality, open spaces, sports fields, cultural spaces were given to us, without them sharpening their machetes. All this is because we are separated by an abyss from the logic and policies of the parties of the system. We have confidence in the enormous power of the workers and youth themselves. We want them to be the protagonists of the developments, taking power by fighting for the satisfaction of their real, contemporary needs. To rejoice and have fun. To give way to their anger and to keep dreaming. Now blackmailing dilemmas that existed in the previous elections by the system parties objectively no longer exist. Now many more can understand that the concern about who will be the useful opposition to the New Democracy government is only about the system itself. What is now being decided is who will cut New Democracy's momentum, who will slap the system, who will be able to clash, to reverse, to delay the implementation of unpopular policy practices supported by New Democracy, SYRIZA, and PASOK. So now it is being judged how much stronger the CP will be.

We have a responsibility to the people who have put their trust in us and look to us, even if they don't agree with us on everything. We have a duty. As we have always done, now we must find ourselves on the Monday after the election, where injustice will grow, people will groan under new suffering, authoritarianism and repression will grow stronger, and the selective incompetence of the capitalist state will leave us unprotected from natural disasters. We look forward with courage and stamina because we know that the people can save themselves by walking the path of subversion. With Mr. C.E. much stronger, we can do it in the few days left before polling Sunday. We are doing our best to ensure that no vote is lost for the party. Yes, it is up to all of us to go together with Mr. C.E. above to make the people vote themselves. Good strength and health to all. We move forward, hope is here.