Friends, compañeras and compañeros, From tonight the new election period begins. Tomorrow is the first day of the new election period. So, all of us, the parliamentary candidates, together with all the comrades and friends of the Party and the KKE in Attica and all over Greece, start the new electoral battle for the strengthening of the KKE with even greater optimism. And this optimism of course also stems from the fact that a positive step was taken in the May elections. The significant strengthening of the KKE, with a percentage of 7.23%, with 427,000 votes, 26 deputies, again winning third place in Attica, this time with double-digit percentages in the working-class - popular neighbourhoods, but also with an increase in all regions nationwide, is the optimistic message of these elections, without, of course, overlooking the overall negative correlation. On the contrary.  However, the rise of the KKE in votes and in percentages is the reason why thousands of workers, working class people, working class people, students and schoolchildren can smile today. Yes, the rise of the KKE is a ray of light in the darkness for every person who feels progressive, left-wing, regardless of whether or not they finally reached the ballot box with the KKE ballot paper.We meet many people every day who may not have voted for us, who may have made other choices, but they are happy because the KKE has been significantly strengthened. Imagine, we say to them, how you would feel if you had contributed to this strengthening. Do it now, let's make the KKE even stronger! And your joy will be doubled! We've taken one step, let's take the next one together.

In the June elections, with an unfair electoral law, which steals seats to give them as a bonus to the first party, the next positive step, a real stride, will be for the KKE to keep and increase the 26 seats given to us by the people, with a larger electoral percentage.

We can succeed everywhere, and here in Attica, where our Party counted 12 deputies in the May elections, but also in all the constituencies that for the first time elect a KKE deputy. And I am talking about my homeland, Fthiotida, Trikala, Volos, Kozani, Chania, Messinia, Giannina, which of course are added to Achaia, Aetoloakarnania, Evia, Larissa, Heraklion, the two districts of Thessaloniki, which we had before. Not forgetting, of course, Lesvos, where our aim is to regain the seat. So we will fight the battle everywhere in all constituencies, because every vote counts, every vote counts, every vote adds to the electoral percentage of the party. See, for example, how the significant rise of the CKE in the single-member constituencies, especially on the Ionian islands, contributed to the overall electoral percentage. We therefore call on the 427,000 voters who trusted the JPC, many for the first time, to do so again.

Today they have even more reasons to go back to the ballot box and cast the KKE ballot again. No vote should be lost because of abstention. All the necessary measures must be taken for this. We call on those who thought about voting KKE, but hesitated at the last minute, to do so now. There is no need to give so much power to ND, SYRIZA, PASOK. They don't need to scatter their votes to other smaller parties. Because what will count on June 25 is how strong the KKE will be, the only party that can consistently, consistently and militantly oppose the government of the South-West and the strategy it will implement. We can do it! Because today there is no longer the blackmailing dilemma of "stability or ungovernability". Of course, for us this dilemma never existed. We knew and we know that there is no way that parties with a common unpopular programme cannot form a government. They could do so in this Parliament that is currently being dissolved. But they want to plunder the votes of the working people - the people who did not "bite" their dilemmas and turned their backs on them. It is now obvious that the Southwest will form a government, probably an independent one, as it can achieve this even with a smaller percentage than the one it got on May 21.  It is up to us to make it difficult.

Friends, comrades and comrades What the KKE said during the pre-election period, that the next government will be inherently unpopular, is now understood and accepted by most people.	Today the blackmailing dilemma "Mitsotakis or Tsipras", "South-West government or progressive government", has collapsed, along with the figures of SYRIZA which, as a political party, with its attitude both as a government and as an opposition, "washed out" the policy of the South-West and finally fed it with tens of thousands of votes.  Of course, this was never the real dilemma for the people. Because even if the notorious progressive "mufti" government, as we called it, were to emerge, it too would be unpopular by hand, would move with the same goals, would have the same commitments as the Southwest government.

The only question that exists today is who can form a militant, strategic opposition to the government of the Southwest, an unpopular government that will not only continue but will escalate the attack on workers and the people on behalf of the business groups. We have already revealed to the people that the hard times are ahead.

The government's "next day" programme includes the over 300 unpopular Recovery Fund preconditions, investment grade ratings, bloody surpluses and fiscal discipline based on EU commitments and the Stability Programme. These commitments are reminded by the Commission's Spring Report and expose the lies being peddled by ND and closely followed by SYRIZA and PASOK. They are committed to ensuring a prudent fiscal policy by limiting primary expenditure, for example in health, education and welfare. They are committed to implementing the unpopular reforms at a faster pace, to formulating an even more investor-friendly tax system, They are committed to reducing non-performing loans, with all that this means for the thousands of foreclosures. And of course they are committed to no seniority pay rise until 2027. In short, three-year terms are over!

They are also committed to NATO and the United States with the involvement of our country in the war in Ukraine, but also in other dangerous plans that go as far as settlements in Greek-Turkish relations with NATO's stamp and so much more. This, friends, comrades, is in a nutshell the "stability" that the next government of the South-West promises to ensure. Stability for capital, of course, but which means greater instability and insecurity for the people. 	But in the goal of this stability for capital, both ND, SYRIZA and PASOK meet, regardless of what they say, or rather what they don't say... As much as capital needs a government that will implement its goals, it needs an opposition that is "consensual", "systemic", an opposition that will "back down" in the difficult, important and critical issues, that will seek to secure the workers' - people's consensus in order to increase the profits of the few. 	And such an "opposition" has had and still has: It is SYRIZA and PASOK. The parties, which, not to go too far, in the four previous years, voted for 50% and 70% of the laws of ND respectively, called for ministers of common consent with Mitsotakis, apotheosized social cohesion and called for submission and consensus in critical moments when our people were being tested and had to fight to be saved! With their policies and their attitude, they gave enough time to the government of ND and the rotten capitalist system to save themselves, at the expense of the Greek people, and they will do the same again, because they agree with the strategic choices of capital and the EU. Let no one have any illusions. After all, experience now confirms that social democracy in all its versions, whether in the form of PASOK or in the form of SYRIZA, not only cannot provide an answer from the point of view of the people's interests, but is constantly an important support for anti-people's policies. This has been proven, moreover, by their course of government: When they passed memoranda one after the other, when they brought in new anti-people's measures, when they co-governed with the Right, PASOK twice with ND, SYRIZA with ANEL. When known "right-wingers" easily flanked their ballots. When they supported all directions of the EU, NATO and so much more. They proved it, the "composable" programs they submitted during the election and all of them served the same strategic goals and their common choices.

That's why, in fact, the whole discussion before May 21 was about the composition and the partnerships that the next government could come up with and not, of course, what it would implement and for whom. This is why PASOK was seen as available either with ND or Syriza. And today it is again making itself available, based on statements by its executives, if ND fails to achieve self-reliance.

It is this policy that leads to the disillusionment and conservatisation of a popular world, to the belief that there is no alternative. It is this policy that, in the end, painted the map blue in the recent elections. SYRIZA and PASOK will in fact occupy the "opposition ministries" in the next unpopular government of the Southwest.

We answer them: No bourgeois government, no matter how many deputies it has, is omnipotent when there is a workers' - people's movement, when there is a strong KKE! And in this country there is a Communist Party of Greece, which in the May elections got 7.23%, and in the next elections it may become even stronger. And a strong KKE means a strong workers' movement, a strong people to put obstacles, to delay, and even to have conquests.

Let them leave that alone, they have made red carpets for ND and Mitsotakis and now they are whining about his supposed omnipotence. When of course they are not whining about ND's ratings, they are whining about the low ratings of the "Left". We tell them what the leftists, the progressive people who turned their backs on them and supported the KKE, tell them. The KKE fought the policies of the Mitsotakis government in practice and its forces do not add up to those who voted for dozens of its unpopular laws. Yes, those who broke the bans, in the name of the pandemic, do not add up to those who backed down and said that they would supposedly "answer for it later".

Those who voted against the dangerous enlargement of NATO cannot be added together with those who voted for it and welcomed Zelenksy and Azov's Nazis in the Greek parliament.

Those who fought to prevent workplaces from being turned into "special economic zones" with no rights for workers, with those who passed the laws of Ad.  Georgiades. As a result, today we mourn one dead and two crippled workers in the Perama Zone. This is the real content of the development promised by the Southwest and silenced by the other parties. Profits again painted in the blood of the workers! It is significant that a large part of the Shipbuilding Collective Labour Agreement relates to health and safety measures. This CBA was not made compulsory by the previous Syriza government and the next ND government.

Those who fought against fascism and XA cannot be added together with those who in 2023 were discovering misguided voters to justify fishing for votes in the dirty waters of fascism, like Tsipras, Konstantopoulou and Varoufakis. And many more.

Clean talk. Just as our words are clear about the "disposable parties", such as those now out of parliament. They are parties that are recruited, not all of them, to be used in various games within the bourgeois political system, and then with the same ease that they appeared they are withdrawn. They have nothing to offer the people, so no popular vote should be lost to these parties. Remember in the last 15 years we had LAOS, DIMAR, ANEL, POTAMI, UNITY OF CENTROS, MERA25, which entered parliament, trapped and seduced the people and then either returned to the bed of the main bourgeois parties, or gave their place to new shooting stars to give in turn a breath of help to the rotten system. No vote, therefore, should be wasted, scattered "right" and "left", but should fall, with even greater determination, only to the KKE!

Friends, comrades, what counts on 25 June is how strong the KKE, the only party that with consistency, stability and militancy can give a real militant opposition to the government of the South-West and the strategy it will implement, will emerge. It has proved it all the past years by its action in parliament and, above all, it has proved it together with the people and the youth in the streets of struggle. 	That is why now the KKE must become even stronger. Even by workers who did not take the step and can do so now.

Why the KKE: -It is the only party that is a consistent opponent of this policy, because it clearly answers the dilemma "either the profits of the few or the lives of the many": The lives of the many against the profits of the few; -It is the only party that clashes with the system, the EU, the business groups that serve the other parties; -It is the only party that is not bound by the system and therefore is the only anti-systemic choice. -It is the only party that fights to change the negative correlations, that has a power-government programme which foresees the people taking their fate in their own hands, not pinning their hopes on would-be "saviours".
Today, everyone needs to think, but also to respond:

-Who will be tomorrow in the workplaces, in the factories, in the offices, in the companies, when the employers will demand more sacrifices, fighting for more collective agreements to be signed?-Who will be tomorrow in the neighbourhoods, when the people's families will be in danger of losing their homes to the crows of the funds and the banks? -Who will be against the government tomorrow when it asks for new sacrifices to burden the people with the burdens of a possible new crisis in order to save the business groups and the banks again?-Who will be against the new austerity tomorrow, the new cuts in social spending in education, health and welfare in the name of primary surpluses? Who will be there tomorrow at the agricultural blockades, next to the subsistence farmers, next to the self-employed professionals who will fight for their survival?

-Who will be in front with the artists and intellectuals, the workers of spirit, art and life for the cultural uplift of the country, for the great transgressions? -Who will prevent even the reactionary changes that the New Democracy has in its plans, with a constitutional revision, for example for Article 16, when even during the election SYRIZA and PASOK are open to such a possibility?-Who will be on the front lines tomorrow in the struggle against the establishment of private universities and the further commercialization of health care and so many others?

-Who will stand tomorrow against the imperialist involvement alongside NATO in Ukraine, which is taking on new dangerous dimensions with our people and youth as victims?-Who will stand against the new dangerous developments that are being cooked up in Greek-Turkish relations, under the American and NATO umbrella and to the detriment of our sovereign rights?

-Who will be in front, to open the way for the people themselves to become the protagonist of the developments, to take power themselves with a clear working-class - pro-popular programme, central scientific planning of the economy, of services, with direct participation and working-class - popular control, in a new society to overthrow the present rot and barbarism?

The answer is self-evident for all: the KKE and its deputies will be there. The more these deputies are, the stronger the struggles that we all have to fight together will be. We have taken the step, think what will happen if we take the leap. Let's go for it. We can! So let's move forward with vigor. We are not complacent with what we have achieved. We know that many more people are now turning their eyes and their hopes to the JCE. We must live up to their expectations. So let us go on to fight this battle with realism and optimism. So that the KKE will be even stronger on 26 June. For the people to be stronger. JKE strong, hope is here!
