Friends, we have a duty to talk about the cost of living, which also concerns education. The base 10, the university police, they were asking us on the channels saying, are you for or against the university police? But there is no university police. Mr Tsipras took your taxes. He made a body which does not exist today. Another buffoon. Why didn't we do what all European countries do? Private security companies, protection, cameras in the laboratories where there are expensive machines paid for by the Greek people. Is there a criminal act? The regular police go in and deal with crime, just like in every other place in our country. Why did we have to do something special that ultimately doesn't work? So let's get to the heart of the problem. What do we say? Strong higher education with extroversion and research to become the engine of agri-food development in Greece with serious research in universities. To give strength to our exports. There is no other way, we have to go to the average of research which is the European Union. We cannot have block researchers in universities with very little money. This does not honour the researcher, no one will come back. Primary, secondary what are we saying? The school is a parerguard nowadays. Children have given main burden and their families to tutorials. Our school, the public school, is not working. What should we do? National Baccalaureate. Only with a national baccalaureate will tutorials be a second priority and public school, public high school and public high school and of course exams will be a first priority. But what exams? Not in a minute, sorry, in a process of judging your dream, your future. But exams in the last 2 and 3 years, as it is in France and Germany. And of course, remedial teaching for all Greek children. To reduce the cost of tuition, to reduce inequalities among our people. And above all, the vision of real special education structures. We are a socialist party that is people-centred. I can't imagine in 2023 meeting 40 and 45 year old parents across Greece whose children are on the autism spectrum and having these young people say to me, I'm afraid of what my child will do when I'm gone from this life. This is not a normal European state and we have a duty to build serious special education structures for the school of inclusion, so that every citizen feels that the state is there for them and supports them.