Friends. Red loans, private debt. If we do not regulate red loans and private debt, we will not have a real social economy and growth, because thousands of borrowers and their families are held hostage. So what do we say? The borrowers' negotiations with the fund crows must be based on clear banking criteria, with priority given to the regulations. Secondly, we must legislate for universal protection of the first home. But as much as we succeeded in 2010, and they say, gentlemen of SYRIZA. But we were pressured by the Troika. That is why in '15 we were talking to the Stisachthia and sold the people's red loans to the funds. Why, Mr Tsipras, did the Papandreou government not put pressure on the Troika to give up the first home, but managed to protect it? Of course, Mr Tsipras is trying to appropriate the protection of the first home by showing Mrs Katseli next to him, but I would like to remind you all that he himself voted against the protection of the first home and if we had followed him, thousands of Greeks would be on the streets today. Friends. 120 instalments for all. Anyone who adheres to the regulation to the end, a 30% reduction of the initial capital, but 120 instalments for everyone, and not for New Democracy to tell us that we have done this? There are 100 instalments, 120 instalments. So ask your friends here today in Kozani, in Ptolemaida, in Kastoria, in Florina, your friends, your acquaintances, your surroundings. Have those who applied for the 120 instalments been included? Very few of them did, and that is because Mitsotakis, even during the election campaign, was deliberately making fun of thousands of Greeks who, as small and medium-sized enterprises, are in a painful situation. And of course, the reduction of the banks' profit margin for punctual borrowers. You cannot have the difference between the interest rate on deposits and the interest rate on mortgages in an economy after 15 years of economic crisis, the highest in the whole European Union and say Mr Mitsotakis tax the excess profits of the banks, don't let them cheat the people for the benefit of their profits. And do nothing and 15 days ago his bank give him a gift for some borrowers, the fixed mortgage rate. That's not the policy. The policy is the policy of Spain, of the Socialists of Spain, who from the very beginning put a tax on the super-profits of those who profited at the expense of their people in the years of the energy crisis, whether they are banks or energy producers or supermarkets, and not us paying thousands of euros more in VAT from the obscenity of the revaluations and them making billions more than in previous years. Is that not inequality? Is that not a disregard for the public interest? So I say this because it is our duty to talk about the substance of these major issues and not to give in to populism and wishful thinking.