So we have a duty to talk about issues relating to local economies and regional development. You here in Western Macedonia know what a disaster it is to pursue European policies without being prepared, to talk easily about decoupling from lignite but not to have a development plan to support local economies. So what are we saying? Well, here in Western Macedonia, where we have the most tangible failure of SYRIZA and New Democracy's choices, you know very well that Tsipras started the silent de-lignification by reducing production by 50%, without any plan for the next day, leaving behind social and economic wreckage and unprecedented recession in the heart of the Western Macedonian economy. And New Democracy gave a violent character to the fumigation. Standing helpless to support the economic activities of the region, such as the fur industry which has reached a tragic dead end or the social economy and renewable energy here to continue to be an energy hub. What is the result? The result is that Western Macedonia is the region with the largest population decline, over 10% in the whole region and 8.7% in Kozani. And when the real problem has started in the last five years, imagine the side effects of their policy failure in the next decade in your region. So that is why, because we did not discover climate change late like Mr Tsipras after the tragedy in Mati and we started very early in 2008 to talk about green transition for a green economy and we were laughed at by saying green horses. We come today to talk simply. Delignification cannot be the forcible commitment of the economy to foreign fossil gas. When we talk about full decarbonisation, we will be talking about full decarbonisation, not the decarbonisation that hits Kozani and Macedonia, but fills the pockets of the country's powerful oligarchs through imported gas. So that is why we are talking about the energy democracy project. What is energy democracy? The green transition should not be a business in the hands of 5 oligarchs, but should be done in such terms and prioritising the region that is affected, Western Macedonia, the production that is affected, farmers, ranchers, farmers, processors, municipal communities and of course cooperatives. This is how a fair green transition is made. With renewable energy sources, with small parks and not with pharaonic projects at the expense of the people, who will be driven to huge inequalities and energy poverty in the next 15 years if we do not take the helm of the country. So that is why we are talking about balanced development projects in renewables, we are talking about storage projects, because the Italians, through the Recovery Fund, have built a very large battery factory in partnership between the private and public sectors? Why not do this in Western Macedonia to create the infrastructure of storage, to accelerate the pace of transition to renewables? Why not make a strong grid to accelerate democratization, but have an outdated low connectivity grid for the benefit of oligarchs? That is why Europe gave the Recovery Fund money, to build infrastructure, Europe gave it to us, not for the powerful in the country to take cheap loans from the banks at the expense of the archipelago of small and medium enterprises.