Friends. Our party. has taken a firm stand, with the word of truth and consistency. We put Cyprus in the European Union. We made the island of Cyprus, the Greek Cypriots, to be in an environment of security through the Helsinki policy and the accession of Cyprus to the European Union with the Cyprus problem unresolved. Remember what they did, instead of continuing the policy of PASOK, they made friends with Erdogan, Mr. Karamanlis, but instead of reminding the Greek people of all this, they are trying to make us forget it. Therefore, we do not accept lessons in consistency on these very serious issues from either New Democracy or Syriza. Friends. There are only a few days left, it is 15 days. Difficult days. Every day fake news against PASOK. Lies. We are so small, that they are so concerned with us? I don't think so, we're not a small party. We are a big obstacle to Mr Mitsotakis' plans, a very big obstacle. Because we are simply not Syriza. And that is what Mr Mitsotakis is afraid of. As long as SYRIZA exists, he says to you, I'm not falling for everything he did, if Tsipras hadn't been in opposition, Mr Mitsotakis would already be a thing of the past. So what does it say to you? Beat PASOK so there is no alternative for democrats and progressives. We say fight for a great PASOK so that there is an alternative for all the Greek people, for progress, democracy, respect for human rights, the rule of law and hope and prospects for all Greeks and especially for the new generation. Therefore, in the 15 days that remain, I call on all of us in this new ambitious course of PASOK to join forces for a genuine progressive proposal for the cause of progress and truth. But this word will not go door to door, village by village, town by town, by those who caress Mr Mitsotakis. It will go from those who want change. And change is our struggle, it is a decision for change that the Greek people must take, because together we will make all change possible, with a strong PASOK, with a strong democratic party. Friends. I ask you here in Kozani, in Western Macedonia, over the next 15 days, that you and all of you take the struggle of PASOK, the struggle of the party, in your hands, in order to revive our country, to revive our homeland, so that the new generation can stand on its feet. Every day we fight together, house to house, door to door, in every workplace, the word of truth, the word of progress, the word of democracy, and on 21 May together to build a country with rules for meritocracy and transparency. This is the country the Greek people deserve, not the country of bribery and devaluation. Together, great change is possible. Together we will bring victory, start tomorrow in every village, in every town in Macedonia, join forces, join forces. The party of Andreas Papandreou, the party of great changes, is here again at the forefront of history. Good strength, good fight. 21 May, we will all be victorious, be well.