But I did not hear Mr Mitsotakis respond to what I said a month ago after the disaster and the tragedy of Tempe. That I guarantee, if we are in government, that we will end the parastate, we will end opacity, we will end anarchy, but how? By stopping the appointment of hundreds of failed MPs and party cadres, armies of these 2 parties to agencies, hospitals and boards of directors. And how to do this in a simple way? With an open international competition in 2 months for all Greeks, either those who live in Greece or abroad, with a strong financial incentive for very strong resumes to come in with a five-year term, but I have not heard them put, are Mr. Mitsotakis and Mr. Tsipras in favor of what I am saying or will they continue to have the state as a spoilsport in their hands at the expense of your taxes at the expense of the public interest. And I'm surprised because I didn't hear any journalist ask these two political opponents if they want this new era of normalcy or if they want to continue the pathologies of bribery and anarchy and I say this because Tempi is a cross section. Tempe shows that there is no limit to depravity, no bottom to the weakness of political morality. When with European money, EUR 55 million 41 the original contract, a project had to be implemented within 2 years. And in 9 years with 2 successive governments with 7 project transfers, the project was never completed. Not even 1€ of Greek money, all European funds. And we suddenly stopped talking about Tempe. Of course, it is not in the interest of either one or the other for the Greek people to read the conclusion of the independent transparency authority that was sent to Mr. Karamanlis, the minister who honors the ballots of New Democracy in October 21, a year and a half before the tragedy. And where it said who was responsible for not implementing the project? What is the regime of opacity and corruption that does not allow Greece to have telecommunications? And is that enough? Yes, Mr Mitsotakis, we have huge political differences from both you and Mr Tsipras. We and our executives did not come out to tell the families of the dead, disregarding their pain, that it was a legal transfer of the offending OSE employee, the stationmaster. So said Mr Voridis, Mr Georgiades. And the commission appointed by Mr Mitsotakis himself, the three-member commission, in its conclusion says that it would obviously be an illegal transfer that he had exceeded the age limit. So here, what do the Greek people need to realize? They need to realize that it is not just what you say? It is who is saying it and I therefore call on the people here today from Kozani to put their hopes and anxieties on the credibility of the democratic party and not on the populism and fake news of SYRIZA and New Democracy.