Do you know? Mr Mitsotakis even questions the OECD figures. Mr Tsipras is a populist, he said that he would tear up the memoranda, he said that he would bring the Seismicity and he said don't pay your red loans and then he sold everything to the crows of the funds and today they are blackmailing hundreds of thousands of Greeks and thousands of businesses, cooperatives. The funds are not interested in solutions. Sudden death, they took 10-15%, sell them 20-25% to go to other victims, to another country. That's what Mr. Tsipras did. Obviously a populist. A hard populist who said what he had to say to gain power and deliberately fooled the Greek people and put the mockery, illusions and that's it. In fact, the day before yesterday he said about the red loans that I have a proposal that solves the problem, well, isn't that also Sesychastia, meaning that he is fooling himself? But he is only a populist, Mr Tsipras. Is Mr Mitsotakis a rationalist? Have you ever heard a prime minister of a western country, a European country, question the official OECD figures and say that the OECD is not saying it right? So what does the OECD say? Is our economy doing well? 7.4% real wages down in 2022 and that the increases are far below inflation and appreciation. What else does the OECD say? Third from the bottom of the European Union countries is the purchasing power of the Greek household. What else does the OECD say? 66% of government revenues are indirect taxes that hit mainly the poorest and the middle class. So who is doing well? The middle class and the underprivileged are not doing well, Mr Mitsotakis. Your friends, your cronies, the oligarchs are doing well, Mr Mitsotakis, and we have a duty to end the policy that makes the rich richer and the poor poorer. But Mr Mitsotakis does not like the OECD report. In fact, he recently said that he does not believe in cooperative governments because they lead to low growth rates and he cited Germany as an example, meaning that according to Mr Mitsotakis, the bad example of Europe's economy is Germany. I say all this to show that his only concern is the chair. They are capable of saying the same thing, the opposite, the absurd, because that is simply how they were taught. There is objectively no one reason, realistic and progressive.