Because today there are all those possibilities that in the hands of another government and another power can be used to ensure permanent stable work with decent working conditions, with a wage that will meet modern social needs? A power in which responsibilities are created, modern people's housing for all, without the crows of the banks over our heads and the danger of the people being squeezed out. Providing modern cheap safe mass transport for all the people with a modern transport network, including in the big urban centres, and not putting the people at risk even in cities like Thessaloniki, where the right to travel has become a cold joke between the measure of not knowing when it will work. And on the buses of the OASTH, which, in order to make ends meet, are squeezing the staff and driving around in vehicles that are dangerous for the people. A power in which the universal right to free public education is guaranteed, to pre-school education to support especially young parents of couples who are constantly living in insecurity and are being driven to depopulation, even the population of the country. Similarly, a power that guarantees the right to free health care by upgrading the existing hospital infrastructure, with an integrated primary health care system that does not depend on the pots and pans of donors and benefactors. As happened here in Thessaloniki, where the construction of the paediatric hospital, which the city so badly needs, has been frozen because the sponsor has withdrawn. Creating modern human cities, full, green and open spaces for recreation, culture and sport, not caged cities, as is the case in various districts, the city of Thessaloniki, which is at the bottom of the league table in Europe, with a green area per inhabitant of only 2.7 square metres of green space per inhabitant, but even this is the only place where the only spaces that exist are not maintained, not cared for, not provided with the necessary staff, such as the new beach that we have today. A popular governance, therefore, where equality between the two sexes is guaranteed in practice, where structures and mechanisms are put in place to protect the victims of domestic violence, especially children, and where the social framework necessary to put an end to all those causes is formed. Which create an endless vicious circle of incidents of rot and stench. Because the JKE does not address this issue casually, nor only electorally, it knows that female inequality is a far cry from what some people imagine from the fact that there are more or fewer women ceo's, CEO's, what the G7 leaders say, as the Day 25 election spot says.