We address with an open heart to all those who are thinking in these last days to vote for the KKE, but some of them still have doubts, to all those who say that the KKE is among their choices, but have not yet decided. To all those who are heading to the ballot box, angry about the crime in Tempe with innocent victims, young children who we also mourned here in Thessaloniki. Consider. This magnificent struggle to ensure that this crime is not forgotten and that there is no new one. Who can continue it and carry it to the end? Only the KKE. Only the KKE to the question of their profits, our lives answers firmly our lives for it answers everywhere in the workplaces every day in the neighborhoods, in the comments in the schools and does not step back. Only the KKE steps forward to justify this magnificent struggle of our people so that there will be no new Tempi. In the elections of the twenty-first ma o the only vote that is the natural continuation of the great struggles of the people over the years, the huge youthful popular mobilization for the crime in Tempe is the vote for the KKE yes, the vote for the KKE directly strengthens the voice of the people and in the Parliament. It will stay there and return. It will become a force in the struggles we will wage. Because this vote is incompatible with submission, with the unpopular one-way street that this system of punishment is cultivating against those who have brought us this far and are preparing a corresponding continuation of the revelation of the truth. For everything that happens against the people and the youth. It is a vote of honesty. It is a vote of confidence in the power in the hands of the people and the youth is a vote of disobedience to those who call on us to show restraint above all else. A vote for the KKE is a vote of hope and optimism to strengthen the struggle for an altogether better life. It is the only vote that will cut the wind out of their sails. But it will give uplift to the whole people more broadly. It is the ballot with the hammer and sickle of hope, pride, honesty, the KKE ballot, so thousands are the votes to give a big blow to this system. To put into practice everything they consider their nightmare, everything we hope and dream of. Not to lose Well, not an hour to literally make the night a day, not a single popular vote for the KKE to be lost, to reach with our smile and our confidence tens of thousands in the coming days. To turn the Sunday of the elections into a red rushing river, from end to end all over the country to shout, we are here, we will live better, our people will live better; the youth, the generations to come will live better with a strong KKE and with our struggle we will succeed. We will win for the great, the beautiful and the shocking JKE strong. Hope is here! Hello good strength, good health to all and to all, we will make it!