From today's gathering we want to tell you with all our strength: yes, we can! Our people can surprise! We can do what all those who have undermined our lives, crushed the rights of workers, undermined the life of the new generation with their policies did not expect. A very strong KKE, a support for the people, must emerge from the ballot boxes on Sunday! And especially here from Thessaloniki, from the city that has proven that the people have the guts to take on all those who seem powerful. And especially here from Thessaloniki, from the city that has proven that the people have the guts to take on all those who seem powerful, but are not We say with certainty that it can do so now, with a powerful KKE throughout the city, with a rise in votes and percentages in every district and municipality. In these 5 days left to do the night and day, to make the working-class towns of Evosmos and Stavroupolis, the popular neighborhoods of Toumba and Kalamaria red again. To fill the ballot boxes with thousands of red votes, everywhere! In these elections from all over Greece a very optimistic message is born, there are many, many more people who, with a clearer mind, are now drawing general conclusions and understand that in these elections from all over Greece an optimistic message is born: There are many more, those who now with a clearer mind, draw broader conclusions, understand that what we have experienced, especially in recent years, was no accident. They see more clearly that ultimately everything that has hurt our people is connected by the same thread. More people are beginning to believe in their own power, to see that to improve our lives, it takes more than just looking for the next least worst, which will ultimately turn out to be more worse than the last. There are tens of thousands of them, especially the young people we meet everywhere, who say that their dreams don't fit into a politics whose ceiling is not the potential of our time, but "fiscal stability", targets for "investment grade upgrades" and above all the many profits of the few! That is why our people are responding. The young and the young constantly. To the question posed to them about who is the most qualified of the 2 to govern. Neither. It is hundreds of thousands as many as the dilemma, their profits, our lives are now answered without a doubt our lives have proven it by the huge mass mobilizations after the crime in Tempe, their own measurements consistently show it. Hey everyone now can do. The step is in our hands. Together we can make the difference to express all this concern, anger, indignation, questions about what can be done with one clear choice, the KKE ballot paper. But there is also another very positive message, there are thousands of those who now appreciate more the clear position and for no support. No tolerance for all of them to any unpopular government, whatever the shape or combination of parties, no matter what the final outcome. For something that will lead the people to the same harsh result, since they have a common line of sailing, they have a common line of strategy, all of them as well as all previous governments, there are thousands of them who recognize that the position of the KKE is not only the only honest one, but the only one that is real. In the interests of the Greek people because our starting point is this participation or any tolerance of the KKE. Besides, you are never asked to be sure of this by chance. is done with our people in mind so that through the KKE and thus to tie them hand and foot to put the workers' popular struggles on ice. Those who think this we say to them, better change sides. Here is the Communist Party of Greece.