It is a moment when appreciation for the communists, because they have taken the lead in every workplace, in every neighbourhood, in every school, in every school for every small and big problem, must become a choice of support for the party. On May 21, the smiles born from the great moments of our people with the KKE in front, become thousands of red votes, especially the young generation or youth of this country can really make a difference these 4 years. The young children, young men and women in our country proved that they are not settling for less sky. They proved it when as students they took to the streets in their thousands. To demand safe schools, hired teachers, a school that educates. not one that eliminates. when they clashed with the repressive groups, first and foremost here in the U.S. When they didn't compromise with the university enterprise that they have prepared for them by demanding a complete education. When a few months ago they took to the streets all over the country so that the crime in Tempe would not be forgotten. Because there are many young people who know that this crime also has the same history, the politics of Syriza. Pasok, New Democracy proved it again and now a few days ago in the student elections, when again for the second year the Panspudistas became the first force. With firsts in hundreds of schools with a new big rise in votes and percentages with the students sending a message that this river does not turn back. And yes. The river of anger of the hope of the struggle must not and cannot turn back, to turn now into a rushing vote to the KKE to become a rushing torrent that will drown the plans of others, the few, the big, to again load their own profits on the backs of the people with taxes and wage cuts because the KKE is the only party that appeals to the young and young people and says to them Yes, we can live better. All the possibilities exist today. It is up to us to make it happen, because the KKE is the only one that can honestly look the people in the eye is the only one that the people know will not betray them. It is the only choice that knows that if you vote KKE you stay KKE because the KKE has proved by deeds and not by fat words that in the moments when it was needed it was needed. Our people were there because they believe in practice that only the people save the people.