Thank you from the bottom of my heart for this impressive gathering here from the land where the Old Man of Democracy was born from his homeland, our founder Andreas Papandreou, with a message of victory from one end of the country to the other. Friends, this democratic and proud party, which sealed with its dynamic presence the years of post-independence, is reborn on May 21 and we ask for a strong mandate of victory, change, perspective, hope for every Greek woman, for every Greek here from Patras, from Achaia, from Western Greece. We are the party that changed Greece, that made the country believe in itself, that made Greece a creative, democratic, strong Greece, that made leaps of progress and prosperity, bringing the hard core of the countries of the European Union. We are the party that identified with the struggles and passions of the Greek people, embodied their dreams, inspired generations and made the Greeks experience the best days of their modern history. This is PASOK and this PASOK is here today, united, strong.

Friends, along with our enormous work, we have acknowledged our mistakes and now we return together, renewed against those who even today, after the bankruptcy of the Karamanlis government, remain unrepentant, populating, dividing, creating a toxic climate in public debate. Today, therefore, we are determined to win the battle on 21 May for the sake of the Greek people, especially the middle class and the most vulnerable Greeks who need changes to defend their daily lives, to face problems and deadlocks.

Friends. We have a duty to become a strong European country with a strong European country with a resilient welfare state with sustainable growth, with strong democracy. These have always been our historical precepts. We will achieve these things again, but o all together for this take the struggle of the democratic party in your hands. We are in debt. To work every day for the struggles of the younger generations and especially the hundreds of thousands of children who have fled abroad in the last 15 years of the economic crisis. We are not the party of where we go and where we come from. We are the party of the concrete, of the programme, of real progress and not of the toxicity, of the populism of Mr Tsipras and the clientelistic elitism of Mr Mitsotakis.

Let's go to the polls. Let's go to the polls. And we are asking for a strong mandate to make past the divisiveness, arrogance, authoritarianism and the client state.
This patriotic movement has a duty to stand in the way of the destruction of the Greek economy, it has a duty to create the conditions for fair development, social justice and national dignity.

Friends. The sun is rising all over Greece because we are united as one, because we believe in the visions, the principles and the values of the third of September and we proudly raise again the flag, the green flag of the PASOK sun. Friends, strong powerful economic interests and the domestic oligarchy draw the danger of ungovernability. What will it do? Does PASOK say it will leave the country ungoverned? There is no danger of ungovernability after every election. A government always emerges. The question is does the government serve the terrorists of the oligarchy or does it give them the real problems of the Greek people's daily life? Mr. Tsipras, Mr. Mitsotakis in recent days have been making a plethora of benefits. They are buying off or trying to buy off even the consciousness of the younger generation, as one did at 15 and the other at 19. Mr Mitsotakis even took the Youth Pass out of his pocket. So I call on every young person in the country to turn their back on the right's contempt for the real problems of Greek youth that are not being addressed with Mr Mitsotakis' €150.

One of them asks us to forget his past and to vote for SYRIZA again without having said an apology for co-governing with the extreme right-wing Kammenos, while he was saying first time leftist first time leftist was Mr.Tsipras only in 1981. The other one asks you to forget all about the difference, the Patchids, the Tempi, the interceptions, the direct assignments. And what does he tell you to be afraid that Syriza is coming? So vote for a new democracy, the message of all of us here today from Achaia is vote for PASOK so that both of them can go home or the Greek people will be in contempt. Don't choose with fear but choose with real hope for a better tomorrow.

Friends and friends, they despise our political culture, no more discounting of democratic principles, no more erosion of constitutional institutions, no more trivialisation of parliamentary morals. They are the ones who, with their internet parastate, are crushing the dignity of those who think that it stands in their way of your money from your taxes; they are the ones who have set up their digital parastate of SYRIZA and New Democracy, who used to say that I was an agent when they were watching me in the middle of our democratic processes. And a girl who denounced her abuse became a victim in the teeth of this parastate. So we, the democratic party with the principles and values are leading their digital parasite to the dustbin of history. There is no need to divide the young generation with this nonsense spread by the trumped up fake news of Maximos and Mr. Tsipras. We represent another political ethos, the ethos of consistency, the ethos of consistency, the ethos of truth, the ethos of the real and concrete programme.

The PASP is here to make it strong again after the next national elections, because our movement embraced the Greek Youth? Because our movement does not forget that it was the youth that made it strong in 1974. Well, all Greeks and especially the young generation. Join us because we will give confidence, we will ensure dignity and prospects to the people. But what does confidence mean today in 2023? How will citizens feel trust when they fear for the labours, the sacrifices of their family members?

Even in Tempe, they despised human suffering. They told us that the transfer of the disputed stationmaster was not illegal, Mr Georgiadis, Mr Voridis, every day on the TV channels they said it was a legal transfer. And the three-member committee that Mr Mitsotakis appointed, announced that it was the illegal transfers of the stationmaster, have the courage to tell us whose New Democracy MP's party buffoonery was this fatal man that led to the tragedy? Do they have the courage to tell us why? Apart from this criminal buffoonery, why did Mr Karamanlis hide the report of the independent transparency authority in his drawer? Which was completed on October 21 and which told precisely which persons in the Syriza and New Democracy governments were responsible for the fact that it was never implemented. The 717 contract of 2014 of the Telecommunications Authority that if it NEVER existed will be lost vertically will be lost unjustly. These 57 human lives why did Mr. Karamanlis not take this finding to justice? And if Mr Karamanlis does not tell it for his own reasons, why does Mr Mitsotakis have him on the New Democracy ballot paper? So until when are there islands of impunity? So when will there be contempt for the public interest? How long will our state be a spoil of power in the hands of the Right and Syriza?

Trust means justice, but justice for all, not just for the few, for those who feel that no matter what they do they will always go unpunished. And I say this because Mr Tsipras also has the greatest audacity. I know of no other European, supposedly progressive, who is condemned as a close associate of the former Prime Minister. 13-0, one Special Court and instead of going home he too is decorating the Syriza ballot papers. What does this behavior prove when they say justice everywhere they mean for all of us, but not for them, for their cronies, for their relatives, as Mitsotakis did with his nephew Demetriades, the protagonist of the wiretapping and the 2023 parastate.

So we. So here in Patras we are telling the Greek people that trust means meritocracy and transparency, transparency, because we are making the transparency that George Papandreou established a permanent tool of meritocracy for all public spending, and not having thousands of direct awards at the expense of the Greek people. Because we are making the Open Gov of 2010 an institutional loom to end the partisan state of the Colics all the administrators of organizations, all hospitals will be selected through open international competition so that the most deserving Greeks come to serve our country and not the cronies and failed party MPs.

Dignity? What does dignity mean for the poorest Greek for the middle class? Dignity means that in an hour of need he will not wait in hospitals for the lists of shame. He will not be afraid of losing his first home. The young man will not fear that he will not be able to rent his own home and raise his family. For us, therefore, dignity means that the Greek child, at the time when he or she is making his or her computerised form, plans his or her dreams for the future and does not weigh his or her choices against the wallet of her father, her mother, her grandfather and her grandmother. Dignity means no Greek should feel only on the margins. This is the strong welfare state envisioned by PASOK 2023. Dignity means good, well-paid jobs with labour rights. And not the development of Mr Mitsotakis that creates 400 and 500 € jobs for 700,000 workers. What they make one job with flexibility make 2 jobs. We say jobs, dignity jobs to deal with our demographic, to keep Greek children in Greece, to make a strong and competitive economy and not and not to look for the next plane up to go to the countries of the European Union.

So that's why it's good here from Patras. Trust in PASOK and let us make the change possible because we know that we made the brave changes you want - give us the strength again together to build a Greece of dignity and perspective.

Today. Today. Under simplicity or arrogance and the sadness of the Mitsotakis system went beyond all limits. And I say this because a few days ago I was in the martyrdom of Kalavryta. I insisted, as our party has historically, on the need for German reparations, as decided by the Greek Parliament on 17/04/10 9 within a specific framework that all parties have a duty to fight for justice for the heroes who fought Nazism and are heroes that are recorded in the collective memory of every Greek. I did not expect one of Mr Mitsotakis' closest associates to say that this is a thing of the past. In a few days' time, the past will belong to Mr Mitsotakis and his entourage, who even despise the struggles of the Greek people. The difficult years of occupation.
He had the audacity, Mr. Skertsos himself a week ago to say that the New Democracy is the party that has always been on the right side of history. He seems to forget that it is the party that bankrupted Greece. It is the party that for many years did not allow a real assessment of why we got into the memoranda? The stork did not succeed in the memoranda or bankrupt New Democracy, but their audacity is common and that proves the common audacity of Syriza and New Democracy. In iconoclasm.
The judgments of the European Court of Human Rights in the person of Mr. George a statement of apology was not issued by the right, nor by SYRIZA, who for years now have been spraying the Greek people with conspiracy theories, instead of saying something simple, that in 2009 PASOK took in its hands a bankrupt Greece with the stamp of the right-wing party. But how can Mr Tsipras, who also gives me lessons in progress, say that?

PASOK's ballot papers have democrats, progressives, socialists, people who fight every day for justice, for the prospects of our people, they have neither the extreme right-wing burnouts of ANEL nor the closest associate of Mr Karamanlis. For this lessons of historicity and social roots of this historic party, we do not accept these partners of the devaluation of the right word.

Friends. I cannot but dwell on the issue of interception. Because we were really surprised by Mr Mitsotakis at the debate of the political leaders. For months, New Democracy officials have been dropping poisonous hints. They were watching me because I was an agent of China. Turkey. Armenia. And various other fanciful scenarios. The Prime Minister came and said something very, very simple. That they were never a national danger. I didn't expect a stamp of national sentiment from the leader of the new republic. We all know each other well in this country and we all have a relationship with foreign and powerful interests. Who we are funnel and who we genuinely represent the struggles of the ordinary fighting Greek people.
But with this statement. There duty before the public prosecutor to call Mrs. Vlachou and tell her what you signed for national reasons Mrs. Vlachou? Nothing will fall down because the narrative legitimate monitoring, but politically incorrect collapsed in the debate and the 2 days ago. It was an illegal surveillance despicable for a European country. So that is why I will fight to the end in Greek and European justice, not for me, but for democracy and for all of you. Is this not a personal matter? It is a question of the country's dignity and credibility abroad.

Friends. We hear the economy being bombarded by the media. How well the economy is doing. Wages are up 20 to 100 we are running at a rapid rate of growth. That is all very well for them to say but what do the official organisations say that all European and Western countries follow to deal with their economic problems. And I am talking about the OECD. So what does it say? The purchasing power of Greek households is third from the bottom in all European countries and even Mr. Mitsotakis says he lowered the tax rates. And how much do we have 5 billion more revenue from taxes? Do you know how? Because the revaluations every day take millions of euros from your pocket and take them to the new democracy to become a client state, because VAT and indirect taxes hit the weakest and the middle class.

And who wins? The powerful. 150 listed companies have quadrupled their profits in 2022, banks have made billions, having the biggest difference between the interest rate on deposits and the interest rate on mortgages and of course the injustices continue with Mr Mitsotakis' law. The powerful financial players transferred without parental benefit tax up to 4.8 million euros to their children in movable property, real estate and shares.

What do we say? We say that the priority of our tax policy is good jobs, which is why we are committed to rapidly reducing the payroll tax for real work, not for black jobs and the devaluation of our generation. Dividends. On dividends. 5% has gone the New Republic horizontally the dividends we say 5% up to 50,000 and then staggered up to 15% to tax the strong for the benefit of the middle class and of course on the issue of parental benefits from 4.8 million euros the maximum PAME 400,000 I do not know any weak Greeks or middle class children who his family can give him property or mobile over 400,000 €. Let us be honest and call a spade a spade without populism, to truly serve the public interest.

Of course. Taxing the excess profits of all the powerful. And those 150 companies and the ELECTRICITY COMPANIES that received billions in subsidies at the expense of the Greek people and of course the profits of the banks.

Friends. A crucial issue is demography. The tax rates between a family with no children and a family with 2 children are 2 points different in Portugal, they are 10 points different. So we are supporting with serious tax incentives all families with children in the country, because the democratic party believes that the greatest national issue of our time is demographic shrinkage.

For pensioners, I hear Mr Mitsotakis saying that we should take our programmes to the accounting department. I say not to the general accounting office, but to an independent committee or to the Budget Office of the Greek Parliament to see who is a populist with a tie, who is a minimalist without a tie and who is telling the truth, because it builds a relationship of trust with every Greek. So we say, we have registered the cost of our program. New EKAS for 350,000 low pensioners the EKAS that Mr Tsipras abolished, leading to the impoverishment of the country's weakest pensioners. Abolition of the personal differential of the Katrougalos and Vroutsis law from 1/01/2024 and of course. Abolish the injustices of the pension provisions concerning disability and widowhood and the 3 together are 1.1 billion euros per year, when New Democracy and SYRIZA in their programs what they say about the pension is more than 5 to 10 billion. Let's see who is telling the truth, who is supporting the weak and who is trying to steal your vote once again.

Friends, as I said before, the priority is demography, so I pledge to every Greek mother that with PASOK in government, no Greek child will be left out of nurseries and creative employment centres. We have a legislative initiative ready, which the government rejected a few months ago, but we will bring it back in the new parliamentary term. To strengthen the maternity allowance for freelance mothers who, unfortunately, due to the economic crisis, leave their child at home to reopen their office. This is another huge injustice that we must address for the benefit of the Greek mother.

Friends. A huge issue is purchasing power and private debt. Do you remember too well the mockery of others? We say simple things like two thousand, ten thousand at the most crucial moment of negotiations with the troika. Our government defended the first home new law so that no first home of the most vulnerable Greeks go into the hands of the funds. We have a duty to defend these people who are drowning in despair every day.

We also have a duty to talk about young people and social housing, and here in Patras thousands of young people, thousands of young couples cannot find cheap housing. Rents with dignity and housing with dignity. That is why we have announced a programme of 150,000 social housing units, either newly built to the Recovery Fund or with tax incentives and incentives for reconstruction. We are opening up old homes with zero VAT. Sorry zero VAT are put into the social pool and rented out for the next 15 years at low cost to 150,000 couples. What is the difference between our programme and the one announced by the new Republic? Mr Mitsotakis. He gives new home ownership with low-cost loans. What do we say; say to a house with dignity, with low cost and when you get on your feet we will give it to another Greek, because that is how we escalate the cost of living for hundreds of thousands and for more than a generation. This is how the parties think proactively and not to make citizen customers as the new democracy of Mr Mitsotakis wants. Impractical because the cost of buying homes is so high that very few can qualify for the program he has announced.

Friends and friends, cheers. I can't help but talk about health here from Patras. Health means George Gennimatas and Friday Avgerinos. We founded the National Health System. We have a duty to regenerate the national health system. You know very well the problems in Patras NOW the Karamandaneio, the general hospitals of Patras and Aigio are facing very serious problems. We call it No 2 to 4% of the Recovery Fund for the NHS, but 8 to 10 for permanent positions in hospitals and not only auxiliary doctors today which is the day of nurses, we announce again inclusion in the heavy and unhealthy and not only clap for our health workers all over Greece.
And of course, strong, strong primary health care network on the standards of European countries throughout Greece. Salaries, thousands of doctors are leaving for abroad because salaries are too low. We will bring the salaries of doctors and health workers at least to the average of the European Union, so that they have an incentive to stay in our country and to keep our hospitals and the NHS alive, and we say this because the figures are inexorable. Third in private health spending across Europe are Greeks. How is it possible that with the lowest wages we have the third most expensive health spending for the Greek people? And when the prices of medicines are soaring, I pledge here in Patras that the new era of PASOK will revive the National Health System for a new social safety net for all Greeks, especially the underprivileged and the middle class.

For our farmers. PASOK once had a spot that said blood is not water. Every Greek farmer knows very well who gave them dignity, prospects and competitiveness in the 1980s and what is the soil that made their children scientists with prospects in society, so we are talking about redemptive solutions to keep the competitiveness index of the primary sector high. In recent years there has been a steep or increase in production costs. We do not say. Subsidies on special agricultural inputs, animal feed, fuel with zero excise duty on agricultural oil. Until the energy crisis is over. Renewable energy communities. It is a proposal that I believe we must implement immediately.

Because what has Mr Tsipras achieved? Mr Mitsotakis? To slowly leave lignite, which is of course a European policy. And instead of going to green energy in order to be geopolitically secure, because we consume the energy we produce from the sun from the air, they have committed millions of fibres and producers to imported expensive natural gas for the benefit of the energy oligarchs. We interconnect the de-lignification with the infrastructure in the grid and storage and we make priority interconnection in the grid the parks of farmers, farmers, cooperatives, processors, photovoltaics on the roofs for the poorest Greeks so that we do not go to energy inequalities in energy poverty and collapse of domestic production from the future energy cost increase of the country.

Friends. Establishment of the unconditional and tax-free nature of subsidies, compensation and aid to farmers. Updating the ELGA insurance regulation by extending the coverage of disasters to livestock and crops caused by climate change. Is it possible that in 2023, when there is worldwide talk of climate change, our farmers will not be compensated for the phenomena that will escalate in the future? But we remember very well how they and George Papandreou were despised when we were talking about a green transition for green growth and 15 years later they do not know what climate change means and Mr Tsipras even discovered it in the tragedy in Mati.

The NEW CAP NEW CAP and its programmes will be completed within one year with specific application and payment dates. No more hassle for hundreds of thousands of farmers through bureaucracy. Finally. Grape growers. Drive them out of the country's production process. What do we propose? Proportionate absorption of unused STAFF stocks and their disposal for public benefit throughout Greece. Irrigation of the Kampos of Western Achaia from the Pinios dam, as we are talking this year about the cost of energy, if we do not do these large projects of construction of new irrigation reservoirs, we will be talking in a few years about the increase in costs related to water and irrigation. Now we have to do these big projects so that the production, the outward-looking and the firstborn and the prospects of the primary sector of the country can sustain.

Our vision Our vision is not for Greece to become a huge hotel. A giant short-term lease in the hands of funds and foreign powers. Our vision is the interconnection of all productive sectors of the country with measurable characteristics. How many millions of travelers come and how many millions of them taste the products of the Greek land, processed and unprocessed, so that we create the conditions for high extroversion? Only in this way, only in this way our country will face the trade deficits that this year, but they will not say that on the channels.

This year the trade deficit has soared, says Mitsotakis, exports have increased. But he does not tell the other great truth, that imports have also increased rapidly, with the result that the trade deficit proves the flimsiness of the New Democracy's growth model. Growth is for the many, not growth for the few, the powerful who cover for New Democracy and Mr Mitsotakis.

Friends, in closing, it is a great honour for me. Today, here in the land of our founder, we have held this great gathering that sends a message of victory to all of Greece.
We are the party that asks every Greek democrat, every Greek progressive to remember the deeds of the historical social force of Andreas Papandreou's movement in the next 10 days. This party never disdained the intelligence of the Greek people, never said seismic, never said no house in the hands of a banker and never said no house in the hands of a banker and surrendered the poorest Greeks to the teeth of the funds and speculators. The party of never spoke of democracy and institutions, of transparency and meritocracy and in parastatalism is the party that ended the post-civil war parastatalism is the party that 21 May ended any thought of decay of the institutions of democracy, the rule of law and human rights in Greece.

Friends. PASOK is here united and strong. All generations raise the sun of PASOK, its flag, the flag of hope.

Friends. But I cannot, here in Patras, not respond to Faulity about the political legacy of Andreas Papandreou.Andreas Papandreou fought the Right and conservation. Andreas Papandreou asked every democrat progressive leftist to join us for the big changes. Andreas Papandreou is the man who stopped all distinctions, political, social, religious, class. So how some people are trying to make fun of Andreas Papandreou. We do not invoke the name of our hero occasionally, because it is our history, it is our DNA. It is our struggles, it is our faith. But I hear some. To say that Andreas Papandreou.
He inspires them. Do you know? Whatever they say because they have a habit of falsifying history. They can't rewrite the recent history of the country. Why did Andreas fight the Right? He brought the left to the forefront in 1981 the progressive democratic left. And he is the leader who the thanks he was told was together to take it to the Special Court, so we don't forget our history, no matter how much they try to falsify it.

Friends. We are guided by our struggles, all our faithful are guided by the hope to revive the party, to stand on its feet. The new generation and with the new generation to stand on its feet the other, the Greek people, strong Greece of the future. Friends. I want to talk to you about many things. But I am sure that after this gathering, each and every one of you will discuss individually and all together, that something is being born again, I see it in your eyes, I see it every day from one end of the country to the other.
And it gives me great strength. And it gives me great strength to see the smile of every Democrat who sees the historic movement again filling squares, filling streets, filling our hearts with faith for the great changes and for the great victory on May 21. I am calling you here from Patras, and there are only 9 days left, 9 days each. A special battle, a special struggle. For this in the last 9 days. Take in your hands the struggle and the battle of the great democratic social party. In these 9 days we become the voice and the agony of every Greek woman and every Greek, every progressive and every democrat. On May 21, good other the Greek people to return to the home of the democratic party, to be reborn and to be reborn again. The party of Andreas Papandreou to make the Greek people strong again. Raise the flag proudly. The new era will rise there. Social justice and national dignity for all Greeks. All together 9 days of struggle and on the evening of Sunday 23 May will be the party of change in the party of democracy. It will be the day when this party, this party, this party, this party, all together 9 days for the great trial and here in Patras. The message is clear. PASOK has returned as a protagonist in the political foreground of Greek history, we are going strong, victory is near, fight, fight, fight.

We say to our youth, make your fear a force for change. We say make your hope a force for change and make the fear offered by the right and SYRIZA a force for liberation here in Patras. Be well, we are going strong for the great victory. Let us choose our future with hope and not the fear they offer and the toxicity they offer to the Greek people. Together we will win, I am sure. Be well and good strength.