And it responds with the daily struggle in the workplaces, in the neighbourhoods, in the schools, in the colleges and it does not step back. In the elections of May 21, the only vote that is the continuation of the great struggles of our people in all the previous years, of the huge popular youth mobilizations for the crime in Tempe, is the vote for the CPC. It will stay there and come back to you. It will become a force in the struggles we will wage. Because a vote for the C.E.C. is incompatible with submission, with the unpopular one-way street that this system cultivates. It is a vote of punishment to those who have brought us to this point and are preparing a similar continuation for us. It is a vote to reveal the truth about everything that is happening against the people. It is a vote of honesty and confidence in the power that the people and the youth hold in their hands. Disobedience to those who call on us to show caution, restraint and most of all, restraint. A vote for the KKE is a vote of hope and optimism to strengthen the struggle for an overall better life. It is the only vote that will cut off their momentum and give uplift to our people at large. It is the ballot with the hammer and sickle of hope, pride and defiance. The ballot paper of Mr. C.E. So now it's the C.E.C. Thousands of new votes to give a big blow to this system to put into practice all that those who fear it fear. But everything we hope and dream for. Not an hour must be wasted in making the night literally day. Let not a single popular vote be lost for Mr. C.E. Let us reach with our smiles and our confidence tens of thousands of young and older people, of working men and women, everywhere in towns and villages. In all the days ahead, turn Election Sunday into a celebration of our people, a red rushing river from coast to coast across the country. Let them shout we are here, we will live better. Our people will live better with a strong KKE. With our struggle we will succeed. We will win. Forward in the struggle for the great, the beautiful, the thrilling. Goodbye. Good strength, good health to all, Mr. K.E. Kookooe strong. Hope is here!
