Friends. Comrades, the significant strengthening of Mr. C. E. is a very realistic goal. As long as no one succumbs to the various blackmailing dilemmas. As long as no one rests on his laurels. As long as all of us, right up to the last hour, get on the ballot paper of Mr C.E. Everywhere. Because every vote for Mr. C.E. Counts. Every region of our country must have its own individual contribution to this result. And so does the Region of Western Greece. This is where hundreds of thousands of workers, unemployed, breadwinners, self-employed, professionals, scientists, farmers, young people who go to school, to university, to various vocational schools live. Yes, the people of Western Greece, of all the prefectures and islands, must have their own special contribution to the election result of Mr. K.E. They know that their vote for the KKE will return back to them in their struggle. He knows this because here in Western Greece there are so far two deputies of Mr. K.E. Nikos Karathanasopoulos in Achaia and Nikos Papanastasiou in Aitoloakarnania. These two MPs have done more for the people of the region than the 21 MPs of the other parties combined. In Western Greece as a whole. They brought their problems to Parliament, they demanded solutions, they ran day and night to be by their side when they were struggling. They put into practice the slogan Only the people save the people when he was tested by the selective inability of the bourgeois state to protect his life and property. They never raised their hand to pass unpopular measures. That is why we have the courage to look you in the eye, to ask you to help the C.C.E. to elect more deputies. So that the people of Achaia, Aitoloakarnania and Ilia can have real support. To contribute to increase the percentage of the KKE in the single-member elections in Zakynthos and Kefalonia. Don't listen to anyone who tells you that this could be a wasted vote. Every vote for Mr. C.E. adds up to his nationwide percentage and sends more communist militants to Parliament nationwide. Lost is every vote to the parties that ruled and brought us to this point. Lost is the vote that will give more seats to the next anti-people government and will also make it easier for them to pass laws against the many and for the few, of course. Lost is any vote that could be given to the C.C.E. And it will be scattered to abstention or to disposable parties that will run to become a supplement to an unpopular government. As we have seen happen so many times before with parties that most of us today and most of us don't even remember they existed. But Mr. C.E. But the C.E. was, is and will be here on the side of the people until the final victory. Therefore, on Sunday, a strong UCP so that our people can be strong.