Let's go back to the current situation of Mr Mitsotakis. Reading the prime minister's statement that we want the workers' wallets to get fatter. Let me tell Mr. Prime Minister that fattening is what cows do. Not the wallets. Especially when the wallet has been permanently and irrevocably emptied by the tax and fiscal juggernaut that has been squeezing the Greek and his wallet for 4 years. I must also tell him that if he does not listen to the voice, our voice for a horizontal 15% tax will not be heard, neither Tsipras nor Mr Androulakis, because their cronies who smuggle oil will not allow it, because that is where the money is coming from with the 60 billion in the underground economy according to Mr Stournaras' statement if we only took the 15% it is 9 billion euros every year with 9 billion euros if invested in the primary sector from the first year, the next year we have another 9 billion from the underground economy and another listen 9 billion times five, but 30-40 billion from the primary sector. This is money that you can give a thirteenth salary and a fourteenth and a pension to all Greeks in the second year, give the pensioners the ESAS, give benefits to the employee and the civil servant. Too much money because the money will be there, we will not borrow it, but who will Mr Tsipras, Mr Mitsotakis, Androulakis, hit the oil smugglers will never hit the oil smugglers or the cigarette smugglers. They will never do it. They themselves are their fellow travellers. And also because I did not understand what Mr Mitsotakis means, I want to read his statement in full on the economy. Greece is still significantly behind in terms of disposable income. Who is to blame for this? He explains why we have been beaten up, he says the biggest crisis the country has ever had, as Sa says since the Second World War we have lost, he says, 25% of GDP. Who is to blame for that? We haven't made up for lost ground yet. Whose fault is that? We need to look back even faster. Whose fault is that? That we didn't run first priority is growth. We were told that we have developed but with different characteristics from the past, the Prime Minister says. Growth based on investment and inward-looking, outward-looking and not consumption. Who was giving passes to the Greek people, not unfairly and rightly so, but they were on loan. Borrowed. I really wonder at the Prime Minister's logic. It is a logic bordering on the schizophrenic of a man who often does not realise that what he says exposes him to the limits of absurdity. Better not to be seen as a bit extreme, it is absurd for a prime minister to say something that we all face and make a simple diagnosis. The cure is the problem. And the cure is what we say: a horizontal tax on individuals and corporations. There is no other solution, but he doesn't dare do it because he can't. Because, I repeat, it's a lot of money.