Friends, fellow travellers, compañeras and comrades. We have 13 years of memoranda. 13 years. Which we on day 25 have called it a debt serfdom because that's what has happened. In 2010 the Greek state went bankrupt. And. A series of memorandum governments, accepted the orders of Brussels. Frankfurt, the European Central Bank, Berlin. And of course Washington, the International Monetary Fund. The mandate was one. Will you pretend it didn't go bankrupt? Now how can you pretend it didn't go bankrupt? The only way when you're bankrupt to pretend you didn't go bankrupt is to get a new loan from which to draw to pretend you're paying off the previous one, so you can't pay off your credit card they give you another one, draw, to pay off the first one. Yes, this is the ultimate in stupidity. Certainly so, especially especially when the condition they put on you to get the second credit card is to reduce already low incomes. Austerity. Why are they doing this? 2 reasons this from 2010 onwards. First, they don't want to admit to their own voters that their own banks went bankrupt, so they gave a 110 billion to the Papandreou Papaconstantinou government to transfer it to Franco-German banks supposedly as solidarity for the country. Did you see Goebbels is alive? What Goebbels said in his manual on propaganda In particular, a very, very interesting manual. If you want to convince people of a big lie. You have to take the truth and reverse it, make a huge lie as big as possible. As unbelievable as possible and repeat it over and over again and eventually believe it. The big lie was that the memorandum was solidarity with Greece. It wasn't, it was solidarity with Deutcebank, Societte General. The first one the second one, solidarity with Sallas Piraeus we gave them and Agrotiki, we gave them and Etva we gave them and 50 billion. Yet they remained bankrupt didn't they? Their banks are fine. Because let's not confuse the banker with the bank. The more banks go bankrupt, the richer the bankers become. Look at what's happening in the United States today. But. These 13 years, from 2010 to today. are divided into 2 phases. One phase from 10 to 17, 18, 2010-2017/2018. Then almost all social classes, with the exception of Sala and a few others who were straight through with. Sorry I have a cold. With the memorial loans, so everyone else, even bourgeois and rich people with apartment properties, house and so on may have been asset rich cash rich, they were not.