They couldn't rent them, they couldn't sell them, they have to pay ENVAT. 97 98% of the Greek people. Go down, not all the same. The lower income classes, the working class, the proletariat. It suffered a lot more, but generally there was a downturn from 2017 2018 onwards. They found extraordinary ways, they had. Several years to study it, they found the issue. Scientifically organized plans. They developed them and they implemented them. Which were aimed at generating super profits. For the very few by bankrupting the rest. I'll give you two examples. 3. The first example. It concerns. The red loans. Greece is bankrupt, the loans of 2 million families have gone red. And small and medium-sized businesses. How can you make money from that? Here comes the European Central Bank, telling the bankers. I'm taking over the red loans. I'll allow you to write them off. From the papers from your boxes from your ledgers you will transfer them I cut price, that is a loan of 100,000. You'll get three grand from a fund that will take it from you. I'm not going to turn a blind eye to the fact that your capital base Mr. Banker was down 97,000, had a 100,000 loan. The loans you know the banks give out, it's their property their property to have received from the loans. It's the banks' capital, the loan when it turns red shrinks capital base. They had not allowed or forced the banks to write off the 100K when it had gone red, it says okay, now give it to this fund for 3 Put 3K in the bank and I'll look the other way. If he turns a blind eye, a blind eye, the Central Bank the banker has no problem to follow up. Central Bank finances him. And it keeps him open the ATMs. The shops and so on. But you being the borrower with that 100 grand could have gotten a 150,000 house. If you had taken out a 100,000 loan you would have paid off a big chunk of it you would have gone to 50, but then because of the recession his coat tails went back to 100,000. So you've given 100,000 out of pocket for a 150 house and you owe 100 and the fund comes in and takes it at 3 puts it under the hammer for 50 puts 47,000 in the pocket of a fund that has given 3 and taken 47. He makes that 47,000 in the Cayman Islands. No taxes. Without leaving a penny to the Greek society, to the Greek public, to the Greek private sector, to go eat at the bouzoukia, you guys don't go, they'll go to the Cayman Islands and if some people eat it, they'll eat it in the Bahamas or in London or in Berlin. They don't even eat them here. So you have Mitsotakis SA, which requires you to celebrate to triumph to cheer their great achievement which is no achievement. How they present it we see them in parliament they have the audacity to say. They have increased foreign direct investment and someone says they don't know this is good. Money has come into the country. Do you know that the money the 3 grand brought the predator funds to make 47? Sa made that 3 grand didn't go to the Greek economy, it went to the banker the 40 came out, it went to the Caymans, foreign direct investment, shouts Mitsotakis. Hey. Something else he's telling you. We are sorting out the red loans indeed these red loans are no longer in the banks, they don't have them anymore, they are not. You know the banks when they have a lot of loans, they are in a drill put water, it goes out of the holes. The holes are the red loans, he says. We cleaned up the banks' capital base, he says, and they're asking. Again Goebbels or Orwell.