Call it whatever you want to reverse the truth. 70 billion will be taken from Greek society through the red loans, this herculean scheme they call it, and they'll take it to Kaman Island. 70 billion is my estimate, someone prove me wrong. And you know, you can check it out as well, if you read the law, the Hercules law. What does it say? And it was passed by SYRIZA that one, eh. Some people ask us why don't you go with SYRIZA to do it? Progressive government. They voted for it. They voted for it. 23 billion. The Greek government has guaranteed these funds. You know what they say to them, which is come here and do this process that I just described. And if you don't get at least 23 billion, the Greek government will give you the 23 billion, because they don't have one. It doesn't have one, so if this hercules breaks. M. Without having one. Legally abolished. Then your children your grandchildren will owe another 23 billion because the Greek government will borrow it to give it to the minutes This is called a hercules. So. I say this to you, my friends, what if your fellow New Democrats, your fellow countrymen knew this? I think they would have risen up and they would have taken their heads to their own people. But they don't know. Their MPs don't know. This thing I'm telling you? You will notice the other day that the other day you noticed that on the channels one was the issue. The hangman's day 25 alliance for the break. Do you know why? They don't want you to listen. For Ulysses. For the alternative to this red loan dream, what did we do? December 2020 we submitted a bill to the House of Representatives, where we replace Hercules with Ulysses, Polymekhon. We so dung of the dawn. You, Ulysses, Ulysses, the Machiavellian, we. Zaralingos accused me of being a Dodecatheist. They started Hercules. We brought them Odysseus. What is Ulysses? The serious solution. You're setting up a public debt management company? You take the red loans there. The borrower pays a fee every month not to exceed 1/6 of their disposable income. It's a fee. With which it freezes. That red loan can't be interest-bearing so it doesn't get foreclosed on, it doesn't get evicted, it stays in your house, it runs your store, it's a store, for how long, for as long as it takes? For as long as it takes, we don't give it away. Why was the other guy who paid it off at home a sucker? You can't transfer your property. If you're with Ulysses. But they don't kick you out. Doesn't the shop close down your craft shop? He doesn't go off to the Cayman Islands. I won't bore you with the details. We have very detailed texts. Very detailed texts. On the website very nice texts explaining it. Just know that they discovered the demetra system alone. Not to talk about Ulysses. Or do they use other imaginative ways of not discussing this? Which ones?