Varoufakis says he was recording the Eurogroups. How did they find out about this? You know I told them? Because I was. Absolutely clear with the Greek people that you know we go in there and they say unbelievable things, they don't take minutes and then they come out and lie about what they said in there. They're fooling their people. Because when they themselves lie about what they said, they are lying to their own people. In order to manipulate us and thus to manipulate their own people. I am very proud to have recorded Eurogorup. Was that the only way the Europeans knew what was going on in there? And anyone who wants to hear what was going on in there. Euroleaks.mera25.gr Do you guys hear what was going on in there? They said they were going to have a commission of inquiry. What a commission of inquiry, a court martial for me. For the period of 15. I pleaded with them, I said please, please do it as an opportunity to hear the truth. Cowards never did it. I looked at him. Kyriakos Mitsotakis in Parliament, I tell him one thing he promised the Greek people, especially the voters of New Democracy. You're going to take an exam for me, my child. What if you don't? Kih for 15 again coward didn't do it. But now they remember, they found the hangman, so what is the hangman? First of all. Let me say up front we are very proud of both Ulysses and the executioner. The demitra is the future of digital transactions, whether we become the government or not. Anyone who follows the international literature may already know that I have been writing about a demitra-type system for 15 years. It's nothing new because they presented it as saying that Varoufakis's no light gun firework campaign brought this thing out what pre-election, unless they mean that in the 2002 election, which is to say that he wasn't right about 2000, because that's when he first brought it out? So why is he saying it's the future of all digital transactions? Every time you go to. pay. Using either a debit card, or an app on your mobile phone, or through your bank's webbanking. The banker. He charges you and if he doesn't charge you he charges the store you go to a kiosk you take out your credit card or your debit card you get a chocolate and the kiosk owner's face darkens because he knows he's going to lose that profit percentage that profit percentage for the chocolate will be taken by the bank so the digital transaction payment system we called it Demeter. Twelve gods, as Zaralikos says. Does it allow you to make free digital transactions? In countries. That still have their own currency. That still have their own central bank, United States, Sweden, Sweden, United Kingdom, Japan, China. Denmark and so on, Switzerland. This digital system, which is not going through the Trump bankers is going to be built, they're building it as we speak, we're building it, they're not going to build it, they're building it as we speak. They have a central bank on top of their digital central bank system. They are building it on top of the digital system. Their central bank, in other words. In a country let's say, for example, that China today there are 135 digital accounts. Which have Chinese and foreign German Frenchmen doing business in China. Anyone who wants to and you can go if they will open you like that. So with your passport in an hour you have a digital wallet at the Central Bank of China and you have a PIN. Which means that if someone else. Someone else the company or person who owes you money can transfer you from their digital wallet to your digital wallet money in Chinese currency. In Yuan. So the same will be done in England. Already David Bailey, the governor of the Bank of England, said they're putting it forward is in a pilot stage and it's going to go forward, which means you have an account at your central bank. Which is. Excellent. Why? Because because it's public, when you pay somebody else. Who also has a central bank account. You don't pay taxes? And secondly to go and park 1,000 € 10,000 € of your savings. Aren't you worried that the bank might go bust? The central bank won't go bust. That's what happens in countries that have central banks. Our demitra system was designed for countries that don't have a central bank like ours. What does that mean? When you don't have a central bank you can't set up this payment system on top of the central bank you don't have. But what do you have? Do you have the taxisnet? Do you want to go and pay the tax that came in? Now it's coming these days. Didn't it come? Good. Road tax, whether VAT or income tax whatever there are many ways to pay it to the government. That's how you have the Taxis Net codes, that's how you get in, transfer money from your bank account, pay it off.