Good. What is the executioner this system with a little change? Every VAT number has an account. With the PIN you have of course we will evolve apps on the phone to make it easier to transfer and cards. Which will look exactly like the cards that the national yurobank gives you and so on only they will be demitra's. In euros don't listen to nonsense. How many Demetris in the souvlaki of Mr. Mitsotakis, who decided to make humor in this age man? Who does not have it already, because if he had a sense of humor but I wish I like to be satirized, but imagine I make a small digression. Remember the platforms? Remember what? Do you still have them? That humiliation with the fuel pass and the market pass of Mr. Pierrakakis? You go on a digital platform and you get a market pass to go shopping at the supermarket. That's right the fuel pass to get a few litres of petrol we. We didn't. Neither the malice nor the imagination. To criticize Mr. Pierrakakis and Mr. Mitsotakis to say to him you don't tell me and with what you put out. How many periarakakis will be a litre of petrol? We did not think to say that in euros. So the payments that will be made in the demitra will be in the country's currency which is the euro. Now beyond. Her. The savings that you will make because you will pay, do you know that the gouge that we as Greek people pay bankers is 2 billion a year? That's 2000 million a year. Do you understand why they are dogged against Demeter and I if I were a banker? Which I could not be. I would have a stroke, but if I didn't have a stroke and I was a banker I would hear about the executioner and I would call immediately. My friendly channel and I would say find him find something to say so people don't hear about what this executioner is really that would ruin me. It will close my bank. Because where do you think the banks are making money off of the fees? They offer banking credit, banking services. They don't offer anything, they give you loans, they give you nothing, they give you nothing, they give you gouaches, they live off gouaches and the European Central Bank which constantly funds them with liquidity. Imagine if the executioner's stone works. And where you had 1000 € and had it in Piraeus, in Alpha, in National Bank. What interest rate on deposits are you getting today? E 0.7. 0.0 so when they lend you if they lend you, they don't lend you it's 7, 8, 10, 22 usurious when you lend them it's 0.0. Well, imagine parking 1000 € and taking it out of your Eurobanl account on the highway and taking it to your demitra account with your tax ID and leaving it in a year. What would you gain from that? That 1000 € in a year could be amortized. This is the design for the 1080 € tax demitra. In other words, the state gives you an 80 € rebate if you keep 1000 € in the tax rebate account which equals an interest rate equivalent to 8%. And what does the state gain from this? It has borrowed 1000 € from you for a year, because when you park your 1000 € in the tax account. You have essentially loaned the Greek state, so it's mutually beneficial the individual gains. Through tax deduction on an interest rate you don't waste the banker and you have the state suddenly being able to borrow from its citizens. Not for the sharks of the markets. Why do you know when he goes to borrow? Christos Staikouras, the before him Euclid Tsakalotos, I didn't borrow even 1 € 6 months I sat but I didn't borrow even 1 € so they dislike me. I am the only minister who read all the memoranda and did not vote for any of them and did not borrow €1. When they go. So why should they borrow, how can they borrow issue bonds? Have you seen?