Read it, watch it there they say shipping daily. We went out to the markets and got, it says. Don't say what we got 4 billion, so at an interest rate of 4.6% down, says JP Morgan's bond issuer, Golmdan Sachs. and I don't know what else and the bad confluence don't tell me they think they did it for their mother's soul or their father. Do you know how many millions they got? Money to issue the bonds. So when in the system, Demeter, you put in 1,000 euros. And you get an 8% equivalent interest rate you have lent 1000 € to the state with zero fees, zero charges, you zero charges the state so we say that it is mutually beneficial to the demitra state and the Greek citizens. Who loses? Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan. Or I don't know who else who are advisors to the bond issue. The bankers. And all the middlemen. So I say to you, is the future the hangman's noose? That was on our campaign platform and the last time I was here in 2019. So now all of a sudden it's been taken out, because because because somewhere in there we're doing the You know, we don't mince words. We don't make the mistake that was made in 2015, for which I am also responsible and I am also doing my self-criticism in 2015, in January, when we won the elections, we should have been clearer with the Greek people, all the things that today the 25 day alliance for the rupture is saying, we should have said then as well. I had said it. If you see there is a show on Papadakis December 14 I had come out and I had said that the next day of the elections if SYRIZA won I knew that I would be a candidate. We hadn't announced it yet so but it was giving a message. Mr. Draghi, the Central Bank President will call Alexis Tsipras and tell him they are closing your banks if he doesn't sign the third memorandum. If we are not prepared to hang up on him, not to win the election, the pill. But in general we should be more clear. Right? I'm closing the bracket. When we file the hangman's noose system, we say it all. Why would someone get asked reasonable questions and not tell me? The oligarchy will sit on their hands to get them those billions. No. What's the first thing we're going to do? They won't start threatening you with a bank crisis with a bankrun. There's no easier thing. It's like a firefighter coming in here right now in here that's a little bit hot in a minute I'm going to take my jacket off and start yelling, imagine a fire officer. He comes in and he starts screaming, run Christians we're burning. Aren't we all going to leave? That's what they were doing on December 14. Stournaras, Governor of the Bank of Greece, predicted a liquidity shortage. It's the equivalent of a fireman yelling "We're burning". So, because to suffocate you in the incoming SYRIZA government, back when we were all together to cut the EKAS, to fix the Hercules market, to give them the trains, to give them the electricity, to give them the water, to give them the ALEXANDRUPOLI to make war on NATO, NATO, NATO on behalf of NATO, so this process. This time there will be no repeat of 15.