Friends and friends, did you see it? A few weeks ago the New Republic trolls. Team the Truth Team took a piece from my gas speech a year ago. See how much there was. He took a piece from the hangman 2 years ago 3 years ago and presented it as something we said today. How do they talk about closing banks? They are playing with the savings of the Greeks. It's like accusing a fireman of playing with fire. It's like accusing the Secretary of Defense General of preparing in case of an invasion. That he's preparing for war. In one sense, you're preparing for war in case of invasion, you're not. Many people have no problem with that. Those of the New Republic and PASOK. With Draghi, who made a terrorist attack against the Greeks by closing the banks. They blame Varoufakis. It's like blaming the Greek people on 28/10. That with the NO vote they caused the occupation. It is exactly the same. Logic is not logic. It's black and spidery. But their goal. Besides not wanting us to talk about Ulysses. They don't want us to talk about the energy exchange that I'm going to talk about right now. Their target is not so much us. And I'll go back to what I was saying before. Their target is the leadership of SYRIZA. The attack this way of the new democracy may have been made on my face in the Part 25 alliance for rupture targeted Alexis Tsipras. He knows what he was told. Good. Were you a good boy after all? Did you reverse the NO? You called the no an illusion. But we need more from you. Renounce the Day 25 alliance for the break you'll never govern with them. Completely disavow the concept of rupture, completely disavow any intervention that is for the many against the oligarchs. To prove to us that you are safe for the oligarchy and what it did, it did, it did. That by daring to say Varoufakis says, he was recording the Eurogroups, he even got to this point. And you know what? I am sad. Because for some months we were walking together on a good path. We did together. I don't know how long he was sincere, but for some time, even for one day, one day we fought a beautiful fight together. When you see then as a companion. Giving land and water. To the conqueror. To the oligarch, I only express my sorrow. But we go on, comrades. Why? It's up to us. The new great militant left was a new great party with a horizon of governability for the many. It's us, we'll start it all. In the context of challenging the oligarchs. We bring hope, not the logic of the lesser evil of the lesser evil. That only brings capitulation.