The break has never been made. First time breach. Because only with this rupture can there be a reversal. Mitsotakis S.A. And its shareholders only with the break can there be a fall of the far right in this country. Let me say a few things about the energy exchange, because you have Hercules. And you have the energy stock exchange, which is very interesting. Think about what we've built? They built one. Supposedly a 5-player stock market. When you make a 5-player stock market not a stock market, you get a coffee shop. A stock market has thousands of players. Why else is it not a stock market? It's imagine a farmers' market where 5 people sell tomatoes. That's it, they don't get along and they raise the price of tomatoes. Only if you have 50 people selling tomatoes, there's a chance of some competition. They're worse than the experts. Both Syriza, who set up the Energy Exchange, and New Democracy. I mean this. Worse than the Thatcherites. Thatcher, do you know what she did when she privatized the British equivalent of the PPC? She said, "What is the price today of a megawatt hour? £100 I don't remember how it was I randomly say 100 round number £100 Well I'll make a market. Privatisation I will bring in privateers and so on cap 100 not go over 100 as it is now. If, market competition reduces it, what have we got to lose? That was Thatcher and we ate our youth in the picket lines and protests against her and well done. And well done to them for not capping it. They set up this energy cafe, energy exchange and they told her that the market decides what the market decides - you guys? Latsis, Pigeon, Mytilineos, Vardinoyannis and CVC who took over the PPC. And of course when energy costs go up because of Ukraine and the lockdown and so on, this is a glorious field of glory. This is wow what time we have and opportunity. Now we have an excuse that we will take it to them guys, says one 300 no we go 400 says the third one we go 500 and they say sit down, sit down sit down 500 die then how we will take them and the day after tomorrow let's 420 and they find it firmly. That's the market they made. So. They call us progressive government. And what do we say? Let's go. Let's go. We're Democrats, we're not deluded, we're not petty.