We are not the KKE, we are not saying that we and everyone else are. You are for the fire until socialism comes. We say come and discuss. But we will tell you to know, it's not a red line that there are 3 things here that need to be changed. One is, we can't have this energy exchange, so it's not enough to take a little bit more stake in the former PPC from CVC. This energy exchange, if it continues to operate as many shares as you get from CVC, that's how it will operate abolition. Second, abolish Hercules and replace it with Ulysses or something like Ulysses, don't say it. Ulysses are we going to say something else guys? But we can't keep this up. Expropriation. of Greek property for the Cayman Islands. Superfund. Do you know of any country on the planet that has a super fund or that once did? There isn't. No matter how hard you look, you will never in history find anything like the Superfund, the Superfund. What is it? It's a superfund but it's also a superfund that has accumulated within itself. They've put all the public property into it, what's left that they haven't already given away, which is a lot of it, even beaches. It's forests, it's archaeological sites. Is there still a thing? They've taken that and given it to the lenders to be controlled by the lenders. The lenders are the ones. They appoint the chairman of the board and the majority. The majority. Or now they've softened it, they've made it softer, they have them appoint the minority but they've put in that the minority can block all the decisions of the majority with a chairman of their own, meaning they're already screwing us from above. So there is no such superfund anywhere in the world. Back to the demitra again, we were told why we were told on the channels, Mr Varoufakis, that the demitra has been implemented nowhere in the world nowhere. It will be implemented here. It's our innovation. It's the future. Few countries don't have a central bank, the ones that do have a central bank send it over to the central bank. He says, "But is it possible to do something in Greece that hasn't been done elsewhere? The Supra Fund? They don't have a problem that hasn't been done anywhere else. There, of course, it's obvious. And if there has never been a country that has ceded its taxes to foreign powers before, not even India, not even Wehrmacht under the British Empire. It did not do that, nor did the Wehrmacht. So abolish the super fund end abolish Hercules, abolish the energy exchange, abolish the super fund and transfer the public property. What we propose, but we are ready to discuss other solutions. We propose to transfer the public property to the new Development Bank public. And to act as the new capital base. The new capital of this development bank, a new etwa. Which they took from her, cut her up and gave her to Piraeus. Which is now owned by a common criminal of the criminal law. Mr. Paulsen. Another painful story. We will build a new development bank with this capital base. Because how do you build a bank without capital? The capital will be public property. That's our proposal. And we said to SYRIZA, to Antarsya, to PASOK. Does he want to discuss this? No red lines, no preconditions. You have to agree or else we don't talk. No, these are our proposals. Do you know what they said? They're going to cut off their foreign exchange, as we used to say, the foreign students are going to cut off their salaries. The oligarchs, if they dare to even discuss this with us. So that's not how progressive, progressive governance happens.