Friends. So all that happens is a nice party between politicians sharing ministerial posts and ministerial cars. We were not born as a day 25 Alliance for Breakdown so we will not participate in this limey alliance since they said no to this electoral convergence so it means they don't want progressive governance. They want a government that works. Within the institutional framework and the interests of the oligarchy. With very few minor variations. You know what they remind me a little of coke and pepsi.Supposedly they are competing 2 cartels have completely got it together, One is a little sweeter product than the other. That's how they've divided up the hotel booths. That's a cartel, a political cartel that. They're now arguing whether their coalition government is going to be progressive or liberal, neither will be progressive or liberal. They will be lackeys of the oligarchs, they will be lackeys of Brussels, they will be lackeys of Frankfurt. They will be and we will not be lackeys with them, we don't care.It is a great pleasure to be here. Oscar Wild used to say that socialism will never happen because the meetings, the Socialist evenings go on for too long, so let's not confirm him. Because you know in a month we will be here again? Because the simple proportional representation is going to be burned? They don't want it. What does the new democracy want? Doesn't SYRIZA believe it either if they believed it? You'd come and consult with us instead. Not to be demonized along with the trolls of the oligarchic channels. We will be here in the next election and the election after that. But most importantly, I will repeat. I repeat what I said before. Most important of all, we are building the foundations for the new great militant left that will govern on behalf of the youth on behalf of the many. Without compromising with selflessness and absolutely internationalist. Because it is not possible and I close like this. To distract us from the tradition of pacifism. Pacifism does not mean neutrality when an army enters the home of an invading people, we are with the invading people, whether they are Ukrainians, whether they are Palestinians, whether they are in Yemen. It was in Cambodia But that's what Alexandroupolis is becoming. A base of operations for the American military in a war where the Americans don't get soldiers killed and they want every last Ukrainian killed until they take Moscow, we will not allow that. We are the party of the new global nonaligned movement. Thank you very much. We are moving forward come back up.