We're doing a more comprehensive review of what has happened since the last time we were here on the campaign trail. It's very much a pleasure, an honor, an excitement. The fact that compared to the last time, four years ago. By initiative. Of the first Congressional Consultative Council of Day 25. We started a process. Opening. Of our embrace. Of our doors, of our souls. To the rest of the militant left. And this time we are together. With comrades whose paths had at one time diverged not because we had ideological differences, not because we had moral differences, but because we had tactical differences. There had been some bitterness, but now we are together. And this is only the beginning. Why? This election? And the next one because we will have 2 to be sure and confident about that? Be ready and prepared. We have 2 rounds in the race. I wish we didn't because who love and appreciate simple proportional representation, we are furious at the way the 2 major parties are usurping and burning simple proportional representation, but we will be ready. So we are united. Why? As I said, elections are an opportunity, a means not an end in itself. An opportunity to start building after the second election, all together, all together, the new big, militant left that will claim power on behalf of the many. In this context, in our prefecture, Sophia Sakorafa welcome here, you don't get away with it. From Etoloakarnania. She's just here, she'll tell us later. So, candidates for the prefecture of Ioannina, Vangelis Veneti, Vangelis welcome here, Petros Evenos. He's not here with us today, he's here with his soul. Savvas Kounouvelis. One of the old suspects. Eleni Buki. Katerina Dalayanni, Katerina or Lina? Lina, come on, come on, Lina. And Panagiotis Tsounis. Above all, we must enjoy this fight. We'll do it with a smile because these are good days. They're hard, they're crucial. This election of course they always say the same thing so every election is the most crucial in history. Maybe it's true because history is a series of branches every time we take the wrong branch, we condemn the country to being unsustainable. And that has happened so many times this country of course has the potential. It can resurrect itself, but it won't do it alone. It needs struggles, it needs rupture, it needs reversal and they and they here in the prefecture of Ioannina will give this struggle regardless of their result with a smile. Because if the struggle of the left is not a struggle that fills us with joy, we have failed. It is neither a chore, nor a profession, nor a career. It is a great joy that we are putting our lives aside. We don't want the offices. We hate the offices we see the offices as a chore, but some must step forward on behalf of others to give power from those who are elected to those who elect them. Because power, if you don't have it in your hands, we can't do anything whatever officiating we get so we don't care about offices. Thank you very much good race with a smile.