I go back to June 2019. I remember in the other room we were in at the time that one of you, some of you I don't remember exactly who. I remember the question. I told you before I'll say it one more time. Why do you run down every vote you get? It's leaving Syriza and it's going out. Mitsotakis. Whatever criticisms you have of Syriza are not the same. You are splitting the left. The answer I gave at the time was twofold. First, you are wrong. If you think people who would vote for us would ever vote for us. The mutant Syriza. They might not vote at all. They might have voted for a guerrilla. But to think that his votes on day 25 would even be my mandate? As the leader of day 25 vote SYRIZA. I'm telling you that a tiny percentage of those who would vote day 25 would, but it wasn't a key reason. The main reason was this. I said. the problem with SYRIZA after capitulating after becoming a meme is that first they lost the mood. To break with the oligarchy. And having lost the mood, very soon it lost the possibility to break with the oligarchy. And more specifically I was saying, think of the scene in the Chamber of Deputies. After a victory of Mitsotakis, which was predestined in 19, you had to be blind not to see it what we did, we did on day 25 and if we didn't get down again he would have won. Mitsotakis is a given. And I was saying think in the plenary of the House every time a Syriza MP stands up. A former SYRIZA minister to criticize one of the bills. Of Mr Mitsotakis and his ministers. The minister of the New Democracy, the same Mitsotakis, would immediately stand up. He would take out a paper. And he would give it to them like this from the ministerial benches and say this is what you voted for. What I do is implement it. I take it in the logical direction. What happened to you all of a sudden? You just don't like the fact that you're not implementing it? And what was the point of our argument? Here in june 2019? That this is no way to be in opposition. Whatever they want. And have the will to oppose. Of a Mitsotakis government, when they themselves have passed all the bills on which Mitsotakis will come to build on, they will not have the ability to do anything but give opportunities. In the new democracy in the government of the New Democracy to humiliate them, to say to them, you guys vote for him, what are you shouting about now? For the red loans? What are you shouting about the energy exchange? Who did the stock market? It's you guys this has been going on for 4 years now in the House. Right, Sophia? Four years they've been saying, "Did you guys vote for him? Mining. Who voted for mining? Can SYRIZA today criticize the new democracy for mining? That the New Republic is not moving them forward quickly. SYRIZA moved them faster. Mining in particular.