We as the Day 25 alliance for rupture must make a rupture not only with Mitsotakis SA, but also with its shareholders. And its shareholders have a name and address. Mytilineos and Peristeri. Vardinoyannis is Latsis, it's Alafouzos, it's Marinakis. It's CVC that had taken over the PPC and the private clinics. It's Macquarie that has taken over the PPC. It's Swiss that wants to take the water it's Action Mobile that wants to do mining. We know who they are also we name them. We're paying it, you've seen that now we're being sued stealing fast, they're dragging it through the courts. We have threats. The networks choose when they will never show us, even when the when they are required to show us. The other day Mega dared to say to our press office, we don't want the thief, send us anyone else do you believe that? This is what they have come to. Well. We will not only end the existent. We're not gonna stop the non-existent. Mitsotakis Inc. But we will also target not personally, it's not a personal issue, it's a systemic issue. And. Regarding? Some on the left. Or who say they're from the left who us? They criticize that we are talking about the oligarchs, as if the problem is these people. The oligarchs and it's not capitalism. Capitalism is the problem, Greek capitalism produces oligarchy because it's transactional because it's rotten because nothing is produced, only profits that are extracted from the souls of the people. The 6 oligarchs together with the funds, with the predatory funds. This is what Greek capitalism is like. And you know what? If you're a bardinoyannis bastard. Everybody's autochthonous, you hear? Some left-wing politician. Or a politician. You hear him say capitalism and when capitalism ends everything will be fine and we'll all be tall blondes. I'm mocking you now, so you know what I mean about capitalism going away? They don't sweat their ears, they don't care. You know when they care when they hear their name in parliament and when you say you know exactly what he did, the guy who owns the channel, Alafouzos for example, who owns SKI who all day long. He demonizes anyone who dares to talk about the peace process in Ukraine and portrays them as a poof and this gentleman himself has tangers who carry very high profit rates. Mr Putin's oil. That's what Alafuso doesn't want to hear. That's why they demonize us. And that's why we love and embrace their hate. We want them to hate us, because if they didn't hate us, if their ears didn't sweat, then we would be in existential angst.