We would say something, we are not doing well. We're just theorizing about capitalism and communism and socialism. And let me put it another way. And to this people, our defeated people. Our much defeated people the people who live in a prison of debt. The people who come in and are humiliated every day or crawl with the phone calls about red loans. The people whose children are either gone or facing a horrible dilemma. To leave or stay with clipped dreams? This people will never come with us. To bring socialism if we do not tell them what is happening today and what we must do today? For the red loan, which is blackening his soul for the utility bill? That gives him a heart attack every time he opens it. For his child. When we say, for example, that the only way to bring socialism is to propose workable solutions for today to this shaky fake capitalist post-practicing oligarchic system. We do not say this because we want to be a mound of the system, as some people say. We say it because it is the only way we can someone who has. He has put earplugs in his ears, he has put earplugs in his ears and he doesn't listen to politics anymore because he is tired of it. There is a possibility saying look at what they are doing with the red in the loan and what they could do tomorrow morning. And legally and all within this shaky framework of the European Union. Our Ulysses. For example, the bill we filed in December 2020 instead of Hercules and this dream of selling red loans. Because he sees a draft law that could also bring down a conservative government, a pro-popular conservative government. We don't expect that any government will ever be persuaded to take this law down. But we want to show what could have been taken down because that's the only way to make someone outside who doesn't care about the left, who doesn't care about socialism, angry, because they've painted it black. He can't imagine, it's easier to imagine the end of the world than the end of capitalism. The only way to bring it closer? To help politicize him again is to tell him look at what they could do today. Anyway, friends, comrades and comrade comrades. I recognize. The great struggles that the KKE is making. To save things from the welfare state. To raise the minimum wage. To keep the hospital from closing. To protect labour rights. Yes, but I never accuse them of trying to save capitalism because they try to do things within capitalism. Don't do it yourself. Comrades of the KKE has no, no interest in this. Anyway, I said it and I feel better.