Citizens of Tripoli, thank you for this warm welcome here in your city. And although there are many of you in broad daylight, like many of you, we will finally be at the ballot box to bring the great change that the country needs. Because the many want change. They want a change in their lives in their everyday lives. No more. So much for obscenity. Enough with injustice. Enough of corruption. Enough with family rule. We want the next day for our country to be a day of hope and perspective, to support the living forces of society. To support the workers, the people of labour, the people of creation, the farmers, the young people who are leaving and emigrating, not only from their regions, but also from the country. We want to create the conditions for a government of progressive cooperation, a long-term government that will give stability, that will give justice, that will fight the great inequalities.

Because for 4 years now, unfortunately, the country has gone backwards very much backwards. Inequalities have increased rapidly. I remember in 2019, Mr Mitsotakis came here to your city of Tripoli in May 19. And what did he say? That he would be, he said, the prime minister of all Greeks. When she becomes Prime Minister, he said, she will be the Prime Minister of all Greeks. And four years later it turned out what? That she was not of all Greeks. He was the prime minister of the powerful, of the rich, who became richer during this whole period. He was the creator of obscenity. Middle class he promised to support, living on food stamps. Coupons at the supermarket, coupons for electricity, coupons to go to the gas station. So, the Prime Minister of obscenity.

But he turned out to be the prime minister of the crows. The crows, the ones he even had in his electoral team. The Bats, all those who run around taking people's lives and property. 700,000 properties mortgaged to the funds. To the party, which owes 400 million to the banks and doesn't give a damn. They rush to take the property of citizens for 5 and 10,000 euros. While I'm on the subject of crows, let me tell you more... Other animals of our animal kingdom. Ε; Other animals of our animal kingdom. So, in addition to the crows, there were the grasshoppers. He was also the prime minister of the blue locusts. The locusts who plundered the public wealth. He doubled the post-employees. He doubled the managerial positions in all public utilities. Increase their salaries. Put the public power company, after depriving it of the ability to operate in the public interest, the blue golden boys to give themselves fat salaries and bonuses. And he has created this raid by the blue salaried workers, the locusts, with direct awards of EUR 10 billion. To companies that were being set up three days before the rigged tenders. And while I'm on the subject of locusts, I shouldn't forget...

Not to mention the bugs. He was also the prime minister of the bugs. This unprecedented scandal of illegal wiretapping, which half the political system was listening in on from his office in the Maximus building. So therefore not prime minister of all Greeks. Prime Minister of the locusts, of the blue, Prime Minister of the crows, Prime Minister of the crows, Prime Minister of the rich and powerful, Prime Minister of obscenity. But not prime minister of all Greeks.

The middle class has been discredited. Workers were targeted. They even abolished the eight-hour day, overtime is hardly paid anymore. It's a jungle in the workplace.

Young people were targeted even during the pandemic period. They were responsible for the spread of the virus. Barriers were put up to their education, barriers were put up to their daily lives, to their ability to stay in this country and to dream. This is the situation today, four years later.

And we say that now comes the crucial moment for the Greek people to choose how they will see the dawn on May 22. Who will be the government that will be called upon to take over the fate of the country for the next four years? Some people are trying to convince us that these elections, because they are elections of parity of vote, elections of simple proportional representation, are elections of loose voting. They are wrong. We have a simple proportional representation election, but that doesn't mean we haven't had a simple proportional representation election. Whoever comes first will form the government the next day. He will have the ability to form a government. Simple proportional representation gives parity of vote. Simple logic obliges us to make the vote count. And a SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance primary on the evening of May 21 means political change.  It is the warning of political change means that the next day we will form a government of longevity and stability on a program of convergence with the progressive forces of the country, on a progressive program, which we presented in the past few days and yesterday we released the 11 articles of the contract of change. That is what we called it. Contract of Change. We want to conclude a contract of change first and foremost with the Greek people. Everyone should know that by voting for SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance on 21 May, they are signing these 11 commitments, these 11 articles that concern our lives, our everyday life, our future. I have tried many times to explain that a vote for SYRIZA Progressive Alliance for a progressive government means 4 basic things, a wage increase, debt regulation, price reduction and a fair, efficient, strong welfare state. That is what I analysed yesterday.

Presenting the contract of change to all citizens, all democratic citizens, all progressive citizens. And of course a wage increase means immediate legislation so that from the first of July we have €880 minimum wage. Unfreezing the triennials, so that the average wage can be increased.

The return of the thirteenth pension to pensioners, which Mr Mitsotakis took away when he said that this was peanuts - but he has taken it away four years ago. Payment of retroactive payments following the decision of the Council of State, which Mr Mitsotakis also illegally withheld.

A 10% increase also for civil servants as of 1/7/2023 who have not seen an increase for 14 years. Restraint and price cuts means we will immediately reduce the value added tax on food to 6% and for basic necessities we will have zero VAT for as long as this horrific inflationary crisis lasts. It means reducing excise duty to the minimum level provided for by the European Union and abolishing the excise duty refund, the excise duty refund for farmers and livestock farmers.

Debt settlement means that we will restore the protection of the first home, of commercial housing and of agricultural land, by abolishing the bankruptcy law that Mr Mitsotakis voted for, because he has a plan to proceed with 700,000 auctions in order to continue the obscenity and the excess profits of the big funds that are also partners. We will therefore impose rules on the funds and we will proceed with regulations that are compulsory for the funds, subsidising the instalments and with a large haircut on the mortgage instalment in order to protect the middle class. Because we do not want to fool the middle class, like Mr Mitsotakis, but we want to protect the middle class.

And of course a series of commitments in all the other articles of the contract that I discussed yesterday, which are about a fair, effective, strong welfare state with interventions to strengthen public education, public education, which the Mitsotakis government has devalued and it is our commitment that we will become a normal European country. What does this mean? It means that 30% of the teachers in schools will not be substitutes but we will have recruitment, so that it will be at 5% as in all European countries. It means that in public universities we will hire teachers and not police officers. Police officers will go to the neighbourhood to fight crime and not to the universities.

We also want to substantially support public health. And here in Tripoli you have had heavy and sad experience of the public hospital, the state it is in and the dramatic negative firsts you had during the pandemic. And public hospitals cannot be sustained if there is no intervention to strengthen the staff, if we do not make permanent all those who worked on the front line, defying the danger during the pandemic, auxiliary doctors and nursing staff. If we do not increase spending and if we do not give incentives to young doctors to come to the national health system, because a young person who has spent his whole life on the bench cannot come to the NHS for EUR 800 when he knows that he can go to any other European country and get four or five thousand euros. That is why for us it is a commitment, €2 000 for the salary of the first doctor appointed.

We will strengthen employment by restoring all the Hatzidakis-Mitsotakis regulations that were essentially a gift to the employers, to those employers who stand next to Mr Georgiades and threaten the workers, terrorize them that if they don't vote for New Democracy they will be fired. And we say to the people of work, to the workers, do not listen to the threats. Terrorize the terrorists. On May 21, show your strength, give perspective and hope to your own lives.

We will support people with disabilities because there can be no justice if we don't support people with disabilities, we will support people of culture.

We will support young couples with a housing policy plan that will enable them to build their own home and not stay until they are 35 and 40 in their parents' house, in their parents' house, unable to start a family.

We will support young women, mothers to give this country a perspective, because our country is ageing and if we do not support young people, women, mothers, families, we cannot have a perspective and social cohesion.

At the same time we have a plan for a substantial reform of the state. We want a state with accountability, with meritocracy, with justice, and we also want to ensure that some goods that cannot be traded are public. Like water, like energy, these are goods that cannot be traded. That is why we will re-nationalise 51% of the shares, we will bring 51% of the shares of the PPC back under public control. We will transfer the shares of EVDAP. Because water, I repeat, cannot be privately owned. We will bring it, we will take it from where it is today, from where Mr Mitsotakis has foreseen to give it to private individuals in the next four years, and we will keep it under public control and at the same time we will create a public pillar of the banking system, so that this misery will stop.

96% of small and medium-sized enterprises today cannot even get past the banks. Small and medium-sized entrepreneurs who have shops here on this pedestrian shopping street know this all too well, and they know that only those who can prove that they do not need to borrow money can get loans from the banks today. And what's worse, they're the ones who get the funds, the loans from the Recovery Fund. Mr Mitsotakis has given 622 million to 13 big businessmen who don't know where to put the money they have. And the rest of them can't even get out, I repeat, out of the banks to get financing. So that's going to end. That means we will bring justice. We will support those in need and not the powerful with a public pillar, using the public sector position, the National Bank and the Development Bank.

Friends, we submit this plan to the knowledge of Greek society. We submit it to the knowledge of all the progressive forces of the country, but above all to the knowledge of the democratic and progressive citizens. And we say to them: On May 21, there are two versions. In the evening the big interests, the establishment and the oligarchs celebrate. If the first party is the new democracy of Mr. Mitsotakis or in the evening the people can take to the streets to celebrate. Let the democratic citizens celebrate, let the progressive citizens celebrate, because if Syriza wins, we will have a government of progressive cooperation the next day. It is not just to bring down the right. It is to bring down the worst right that we have seen since the post-independence period until today. Because there is no other right-wing government that has done what Mr Mitsotakis has done. And I'm not just talking about his economic policies. How he has plundered the middle class, despite what he promised it, in order to support the powerful. We knew this, we were saying it before the elections and some people did not believe us.

I am referring to the abominations he has done on the issues of democracy and the rule of law. We are celebrating, we have moved from the hundred and eighth place in the media to the hundred and seventh. We passed Chad yesterday, thankfully. Because Chad has fallen, we have risen. That is the image of Mitsotakis.

With the surveillance, with the manipulation of justice, with the misdeeds that he has been doing all these days, under the pretext of blocking Kasidiaris' party, I want to say a few words about this. Because yesterday the whole plan was revealed. We were told that they were supposedly trying to get Kasidiaris out, who they had been letting him do propaganda and campaigning for three years from prison.

And they changed the law, not by following the obvious. What we suggested to them. That is, to add to the existing law, an explicit sentence that those who are finally convicted of crimes under 157 of the criminal code will not be able, their parties, those who have such scruples, to run. They didn't do that. They gave the authority to a closed group of judges to decide who can and cannot run. Why? Because ultimately their target was not Kasidiaris. Their goal was to control which parties would run and which would not from the so-called Right Wing. And a bomb dropped in the right wing building these days. Some apartments were destroyed and collapsed, others were left standing. The apartments of those parties that have declared their loyalty to Mitsotakis for the next election day will run in the elections. Those that have not given their faith will not run in the elections. And now it is revealed exactly what the President of the Supreme Court department who resigned just before Easter, denouncing methodologies and that Mr. Gerapetritis caught him in a café, outside Maximou and told him do one thing and do another and we will make you head of an independent authority.

People don't hesitate anywhere. They're a regime, they're unruly. He who did not hesitate to follow half the political system, he who did not hesitate to follow the heads of the armed forces, will he hesitate to manipulate justice in the most vile way? No, they do not hesitate.

So we have one thing to say in the face of this misery, and I refer to all democratic citizens. Greece must become a normal European country on 22 May. On 22 May, Greece must not only restore justice everywhere, but must bring democracy back to power. That is what we must do, to bring democracy. I would also like to say a few words about your country, because apart from the fact that Mitsotakis promised you that he would be Prime Minister for you, like all the other Greeks, but he was only for the powerful, for the locusts, the crows and the ravens, as I said, he also promised you rabbits and stones for the Peloponnese, for Arcadia. What has he done four years later?

It has gone into this violent fossilization that creates a prospect of unemployment for no reason. Of course there was and is and has been a plan for a smooth energy transition process. But violent de-lignification was Mitsotakis' plan. A plan aimed at specific economic deals, not caring if whole areas of the map, in Western Macedonia and Megalopolis, would become black holes.

What else did Mitsotakis do? He left the rural people of Arcadia without any substantial work, while we had taken care of Lake Taka, to move forward and find the appropriate, the necessary funding to proceed with irrigation projects, to water the plain, what did he do?Nothing at all.

And worst of all, everything he did with the university. You will remember that we reshaped, we reshaped the map of higher education in order to create a strong university based in Tripoli, the University of Peloponnese. We transferred a nursing department to Tripoli and established a new public health department with the aim of creating a school of health sciences here in Tripoli linked to the public hospital. At the same time we envisaged transferring the facilities of the psychiatric hospital, the old psychiatric hospital, to the university and finding the funds necessary to build a modern university campus, modern infrastructure to make it a very important and strong university. What has the Mitsotakis government done to the University of Peloponnese for four years now? I will tell you what it has done. It basically closed down the public health department, which we had established. Mrs Kerameos closed it down. And for four years now, she has done nothing, not a single thing has been done to move forward with the projects that we had initiated. Obviously Mrs Kerameos has other things on her mind and Mr Mitsotakis has other things on his mind. She has the college students on her mind and on his mind. How they are going to strengthen private education and not public universities. After all, that's why they established the minimum admissions base. So that they can cut 20,000 kids every year, so that they don't get into higher education and slowly into higher education and slowly the regional public universities slowly wither away. But I want to reiterate once again because I know that you are very much here today with children who are in homes, in schools, in tutorials at this time. We are just before the national exams. I want to repeat my commitment regarding these exams. It is about the results that will come out in September. The new progressive government will remove the barrier to entry and pave the way for 20,000 more children to get into our universities this year. We don't want patronage for colleges. We want strong public universities, credible, serious universities, strong universities.

Friends, citizens of Tripoli, Arcadia, I want to reiterate that this will be a crucial electoral battle. And it looks like it will be a controversial battle. Many are telling you that there will be a second run-off. I want to say that those who pretend to say that there will be a run-off are actually disparaging the popular verdict. The country does not need double and triple elections. The country can be reliably governed by the result of the ballot box of the simple proportional representation. As all indications suggest, the first and third parties will be able to form a government. So I ask you that the first party should be SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance, so that we can have a progressive government, so that our lives, our everyday life, can be changed. I ask you to give a strong mandate to SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance on the evening of May 21 to form this long-lasting stable progressive government on the basis of the 11 articles of the change contract program that we released yesterday.

The alternative is to have one of the same for another 4 years. Disdain for society, arrogance, a PM who lives in his own world and doesn't care because that's what he's learned as a human being. He was born a prince and once he became prime minister, he thought he was king. He doesn't care. He doesn't even understand what the needs of everyday people are. And I'm afraid that now, if he is re-elected, he will be a prime minister who will do much, much worse than everything he did in the last four years. The illegal surveillance scandal, this system of manipulation in the judiciary and in the media, will be perhaps a small foretaste of everything that will follow next four years. If all this arrogance, if all this arrogance, if all this disdain, this institutional disdain, is rewarded with the vote of the Greek people. I know very well, I know very well, that this will not happen. But I know very well that it is important not just to be first, but to be first by a large margin in the elections of 21 May. The stronger our lead, the more certain the political change. Finally, I want to assure you that we will see a great deal between now and the ballot box on 21 May. We will see a great deal, perhaps more than we have seen in any election, because we have a system of power, an establishment that is currently in a panic and knows that the only hope is to cling to power by any means possible.

I urge you not to pay attention to much as you see it. I urge you to believe what you see in front of you, talking to your fellow citizens in coffee shops, workplaces, in the squares and not the fake news, not the false bars of the polling numbers that as we get closer to the election will slowly begin to adjust, because they too are afraid that on the 22nd they too will be defeated.

I say this to you, I am telling you that we are already ahead, and I call on you with your vote and with your action throughout this period to make SYRIZA's victory, the victory of democracy, the victory of justice, the victory of the people on May 21, even greater, even clearer. Be well. Good strength. Thank you very much. Thank you for today's gathering. Goodbye!