Mr President, Mr Regional Mayor, Mr Mayor, Young Democrats of Thessaloniki, of our Macedonia, allow me to call you my compatriots because I am also a candidate for parliament in this city that I love so much. Victory opens from Thessaloniki. This gathering is unique. I called you compatriots because I have not forgotten that I am also a descendant of a Macedonian gladiator, because my grandfather fought in these lands. So, Cretans and Macedonians, we are one. The one that is definitely blue is our Macedonia and Thessaloniki first; this blue wave that starts from the White Tower and Thermaikos and already meets the one that has risen from Chania, from Heraklion, to spread everywhere in our homeland. You have made tonight's gathering the best prologue of Sunday. President, happy birthday, half of Greece is celebrating. But this time democracy will celebrate and the whole country will celebrate.The Sunday that is coming will be the day that will give a second mandate to progress, paving the way for a self-reliant Greece and a self-reliant New Democracy. You, the Macedonians, are the first to know how much we have gone through and overcome in such a short time.A big thank you to our ONNED and our GCP, who have always been pioneers in the great battles for quality public universities.

So you, friends, know better in Macedonia, in Thrace, the great battles we have been called upon to win in these four years. From the migratory invasions in Evros and the waves of the pandemic, then the energy crisis and the global "explosion" of poverty brought about by the war in Ukraine. And almost daily, for four years now, the threats and provocations of neighbouring Turkey; and yet we have managed, we have stood up and stood together. The state, with a gigantic project that exceeded 55 billion euros, supported the economy, supported society, supported first and foremost the world of work. Three billion, Mr. Regional Governor, was directed here alone to keep the businesses of the Region alive.

Despite the repeated difficulties, at the same time everything we had agreed with the citizens in July 2019 was being put into practice, when - I remember, it was the same day again, the Thursday before the elections - I spoke at the port and asked you to sign a truth agreement.What did I promise you then that we would do? That we would cut taxes and contributions and increase investment and new jobs. That we would shield the average income, support our farmers and agricultural production, upgrade our defence and finally strengthen the prestige of our country. And, finally, I committed to building a digital, citizen-friendly state.So, in our first report, we can look our citizens in the eye and say: 'we have said and done it', despite the great difficulties, despite the crises we had to manage.

So far 50 taxes have been cut, relieving citizens of permanent burdens of more than €7 billion. I said that ENVIA would be reduced by 30%, we have reduced it by 35%. The tax-free allowance has been increased. The first rate fell from 22% to 9%. The solidarity levy was abolished and we also did something that we had not committed to, which is primarily for this new generation: we zeroed out the parental benefit tax so that parents can now pass on their property to their children free of charge.In 48 months we created 300,000 new jobs and growth in our country is running at twice the rate of Europe. We are now close to investment grade, which in practice means more favourable lending to the state, businesses and households. This investment grade, so critical, my friends, to be achieved, has one condition and one condition only: a stable and reformist government on Sunday. In other words, a New Democracy government.

But we are the great popular party of Constantine Karamanlis and we know that there can be no dynamic economy without a cohesive society. That is why the minimum wage went from 650 euros to 780 euros. Two months more every year. But also the pensioners - I will come back to what Mr Katrougalos told us - the pensioners have seen... No need for disapproval, the best disapproval is your vote at the ballot box on the coming Sunday.The pensioners who are with us have seen increases for the first time in 12 years, and those who are still wronged by the Katrougalos personal difference will continue to be strengthened until it is finally erased.

Finally, and perhaps most importantly, there is no hope without a proud homeland. Thus, in four years, a country of "dry vineyards" was transformed into a state with borders on land, air and sea. Illegal flows of migrants have been reduced to almost zero. The East Aegean islands were relieved. Moria is now a thing of the past. And, in defiance of some, the fence on Evros is being extended across the national and European border. This is our response to Turkey's provocations.

It is a shield that on one side has the strengthening of our Armed Forces: 24 new Rafale fighters, 84 upgraded F-16 Vipers, three new frigates - the most modern ships in the Eastern Mediterranean, the first to be delivered by the end of 2025 -, new corvettes, helicopters, armoured vehicles. And, before the end of the decade, the first Greek F-35s. All this alongside our regenerated shipyards and our upgraded defence industry.

While on the other side of this shield, which we have erected, has the imprints of our active diplomacy: strategic agreements with France and the United States, the extension of our territorial waters to 12 nautical miles in the Ionian Sea, maritime zone agreements with Italy and Egypt and the transformation of Greece into a European energy hub. These are the fingerprints of our active diplomatic policy over the last four years, and of course, with Greece's voice once again being heard loudly everywhere, from the Arab world and capitals around the world to Brussels, and from Israel to the United States Congress.

Friends, Thessalonikians, Macedonians, I am sure that you too, especially here in Thessaloniki, in the Region of Central Macedonia, see Greece changing around you. You see the huge development potential that the city of Thessaloniki has, the huge projects that are being launched. Never in the history of Thessaloniki has there been such an active interest in completing basic infrastructure projects which the city has needed for decades.The Flyover, which has already been put out to tender, the new cancer hospital, the new paediatric hospital, 17 new schools, new student residences, the redevelopment of this site of the International Fair, the new pier at the port, the Holocaust Museum, the new courts, the sites of the Ziaka and Pavlos Melas camps, our major interventions for Western Thessaloniki.These are just a few of the 30 projects which are specific to the urban complex of Thessaloniki. They are projects that have been launched, final studies have been carried out, they have specific timetables, they have secured funding so that they will be ready, most of them, by 2027. And of course they are part of our development plan for Central Macedonia, which I had the opportunity to present a few months ago.

I will not repeat it, but today I will focus on one intervention in which I believe that everything is reflected, the huge differences that we have with our opponents, the developmental and social dimension of our government's policy, but also my personal vision for Thessaloniki and the entire Region.This intervention is none other than the city's Metro, the most modern and beautiful in Europe. I visited it this morning, and soon you will all be using it. I will not hide from you that I felt a great thrill. We have struggled a lot to get the Metro off the ground. And today we are now absolutely certain that the Metro is becoming a reality, and you see every day the distance between words and deeds. You see the distance between tangible works and painted canvases. But you also see the hypocrisy, that a better everyday transport system would "destroy our ancient treasures".I went to the Venizelos station. Thessaloniki now has both a Metro and an ancient city. Many congratulations are due to all those who worked to make this project a reality. The Metro proves that with planning and hard work any ambitious goal is possible, which ultimately improves the local economy, provides jobs, facilitates first and foremost travel, frees the city from pollutants and finally breaks the isolation between districts, eliminating inequalities.Now that we are delivering the first part of the project - hold on to what I am saying, the first part - the systematic work begins to extend the Metro to north-west Thessaloniki, as I have committed to do; in other words, the Metro is a project that declares who is ultimately truly progressive and who is not. Who is progressive in words and who is progressive in deeds, in actions. We do not talk about our deeds, we talk in our deeds, and that is the big difference between us and our political opponents.

This is exactly my plan for Greece of the next day, which is presented in our programme, which I am sure you have all seen by now. For a Greece that is productive, social, just, digital and green - environmentally green, because Greece is blue - just as this beautiful Palais des Sports that hosts us is blue today, just as the whole of Thessaloniki will be blue.And this programme, which, in order for us to be able to implement it, requires that the whole of Greece be blue - because this is the big bet of the elections, that we should be given the opportunity to implement this programme - includes a package of costed measures for four years, amounting to 9 billion, spread over five specific chapters, it's basically a road map for the future.

A roadmap where the experiences of our first term are integrated into the expectations of our second term. For I am the first to recognise that alongside the great efforts of four years there have been mistakes, and there have been weaknesses to overcome. So the failures of yesterday must become priorities for tomorrow. Because, indeed, if we have done a lot, I am the first to know that there is much more to be done.The economy has come a long way, there have been tax cuts, there have been tax increases. But I know that wages in our country are still low and are being "gnawed" by imported precision.The National Health System has withstood the pandemic. We doubled the intensive care units, hired 18,000 new doctors and nurses, but we still have staff shortages. We have cots and we have long delays, especially in operations; the same is true for the state. Gov.gr has abolished queues. It is a huge conquest, for the way the citizen communicates with the state. And the EFKA, of course, now gives out pensions on time, in two months, not two years. But recent tragedies have come to prove that much still needs to change.

The same in education, Mr.Rector, 25,000 permanent teacher appointments for the first time in 12 years and 4,000 more to be made this year, 36,000 interactive whiteboards in all schools, from the 5th grade to the 3rd grade.But here the steps must be taken in leaps and bounds. Our universities are now liberated, with the new framework law, to link up with the needs of the labour market. To offer those young children who are struggling so hard to get into public universities a better tomorrow, with better wages and better jobs. This is our stake; these, then, are the demands of the next four years. I will not go into great detail about our programme today, three days before the elections. I have talked about it at length. It is in your hands, it must be owned by everyone.I want you to hold together today four major, central, non-negotiable goals: better wages for all, decent public health for all, an efficient state and a proud homeland. I will outline them in a few words.

We owe these young people entering the labour market better jobs. The minimum wage will go to 950 euros within four years and the average wage to 1,500 euros.The civil servants' payroll will be increased by 500 million euros from 2024 to support families. There is, you know, a party that is openly talking about the biggest long-standing problem that we have before us, which is none other than the problem of under-generation. We must support the working mother, Greek families. That is why we are increasing the tax-free allowance by EUR 1,000 for families with children; we are reviewing the framework of presumptions, we will reduce them by 30%. We will reduce ENFIA for insured properties by another 10%, and we will reduce contributions by one more point. Finally, we will also abolish the last of the memorandum taxes: within four years, the business tax will be a thing of the past.

This will not be done with lip service, it will be done with investment. A lot of investment, like the ones already underway in northern Greece. Thessaloniki is becoming a city of extroversion, of innovation, combining services with industrial production, offering good jobs, able to attract giants like Pfizer. Because these companies know that they will find excellent human resources here. That is how wages go up: with investment, with outward investment, with better jobs and with lower unemployment.

The second goal, a personal goal, is a new National Health System. In 80 hospitals and 156 health centres, outpatient departments and outpatient clinics are being upgraded, and 1.5 billion of the Recovery Fund resources will be directed there.Speaking of the Recovery Fund and Greece's position in Brussels, which is actually recognised today, you will remember someone else who went to Brussels and negotiated for 17 hours and brought back the third unnecessary memorandum. I went to Brussels, negotiated for five days, and brought you EUR 31 billion from the Recovery Fund.

For health, we will recruit 10,000 health workers, primarily nurses and doctors. And the executives who are currently serving the Health Service should know that they have the opportunity to obtain a permanent employment relationship with the National Health System. And, of course, extremely important - this is also symbolised by the choice of Irene Agapidaki as head of the State Electoral Committee - is the emphasis we place on public health, on preventive examinations. For the first time, they are being extended throughout the country, to all citizens, for all major diseases.

Third objective, the state close to the vulnerable. The minimum guaranteed income will continue to rise. Our policy for people with disabilities will continue, 2,000 citizens with disabilities now have a Personal Assistant.

But the state also needs to be modernised. You will keep two words from our human resources management policy for the next four years: evaluation everywhere. I repeat, evaluation everywhere, to reward the good and correct the failures of those who have weaknesses. In a public service that will be 100% digital, now, at the end of four years, and 100% professional.

The fourth permanent and non-negotiable objective: a strong Greece. This means that the Evros fence is finally finished, either with European money or with budget resources. That, Mr. Minister, the armament programmes are continuing and being completed, as are the explorations for our natural wealth southwest of Crete. And Greece is being transformed, within four years, from an importer to an exporter of energy, with a strong emphasis on renewable energy sources.

I believe that these elections are also an opportunity - since we are talking about crucial national issues - to finally distinguish the so-called patriots of "hollow" slogans from the everyday patriots of action and struggle. I say this having met with the Pontian associations this morning, the day before the day of commemoration of the genocide. The Pontians, who are the heart of the north and the locals of the entire homeland, with their lyre keeping alive the history and tradition of Hellenism and their bow always playing the tunes of hope and progress.

Ladies and friends, New Democrats, I will try to be brief. I do not want to talk at length about the hundreds of projects that are taking place throughout the country. About the 'My Home' programme. For the first time, young people are being given the opportunity to be able to imagine a future in which they will own their own homes and not be condemned to rent.I could say a lot about strengthening the family and supporting working mothers, I consider these policies a priority.

But I won't go any further, because today I am in a hurry to talk to you about the political stakes of the most crucial contest of the post-independence period.I want to talk to you about the most ruthless opponents we have, but also about the most threatening "landmine", which is called simple proportional representation. It is a trap of ungovernability. It can take many forms. It can take the form of national weakness, or the appearance of collective paralysis, even if it could take the nickname of a misguided cooperation.And I'll explain: Syriza is asking for revenge, while it has failed as a government - you know that - but it has also failed as an opposition. It has saddled us with a third unnecessary memorandum, with 29 taxes and 17 pension cuts. But keep in mind that as an opposition he also said 'no' everywhere. "No", basically, to armaments and defence agreements, "no" to the fence, "no" to increases, and even "no" to the rights of our disabled citizens. And of course 'no' to the exclusion of the Golden Dawn cutthroat. He did not go along with the great democratic arc that we tried to build.

Today, he is again cutting 83 billion from the money tree and calling - the atheophobe - for "Justice Everywhere". Everywhere except next to him, where he has the 13-0 convict in the Special Court, Nikos Pappas.But not only that, now he threatens us. He is threatening us with pre-trial hearings, as he did with the Novartis collusion. Well, I say to him here from Thessaloniki: we are not chewing the fat, it's a free ride. Let them work hard to lose again.And as we go to the polls, SYRIZA is revealing itself more and more.

Some people - I open a parenthesis - had a reservation when we said where we would hold the meeting. We didn't want to have it outside because it might rain. We say, "Let's go to the Palais. You guys are we going to fill the Palais?" Not just fill it up, it's overflowing with people today and a big thank you all for coming to hear me.

So, at the beginning, SYRIZA wanted Mr Varoufakis next to him, who is planning "Executioners" to make a paper war on deposits. Then, listen, he bet on the government of the losers. This then became the government of the desperate. What is it? A special purpose government that would be, if it ever became a reality, a government of total depression. And the chaos continues.Then came the icing on the cake, as Mr Katrougalos confessed yesterday. What did he tell us? That SYRIZA wants to reintroduce its law on social security, starting with a 20% increase in the deductions for freelancers. And they were quick to "delete" him. Why? Because he was a martyr and revealed the truth. But they still have Pappa and Polakis.

They have removed the one who revealed the plan and are holding the others, who have defamed the rule of law. "Buckle up" then. And that's important, which is why everyone who is thinking of abstaining from this election should get up on Sunday and go vote, because the danger of another tax storm is there. But they will not be spared, they will be left alone again, in their miserable and dark world; then they will have everyone and everything to blame. Even Dionysis Savvopoulos, who dared to speak his mind. Maybe because in his lyrics against populism they recognized themselves. Listen, you younger people, to a song that Savvopoulos wrote in 1972, "Angelos hexangelos". "The news he brought us was all a lie, but it sounded pleasant to our ears. For each of his falsehoods seemed like truth and listening to him, our souls were at peace." This is what Dionysis had sung, as if he had written it about Tsipras before he was born.It is a shame that they attacked with vulgarity the beloved Nionios of Thessaloniki and all of Greece. That's why his lyrics answer them again, the ones that suit us. The faces are happy, the eyes are sweetened because they have suffered and now they are learning."

The landscape, however, is also blurred by Mr Androulakis, who is asking for what? Not to be the Prime Minister whom the Greeks will vote for, but a third, "unknown X", whom he will appoint. So, he chooses a different path from his friends of PASOK and meets Mr Tsipras in the old party manifestos and attacks against me.I am sorry, but this is something that the democrats of this area, the ordinary voters of PASOK, who, to be honest, I am sure they too feel that they are living better now than in 2019, should think twice and thrice. Who, even if they themselves now see the glass half empty and we see it half full, they know that the glass is neither empty nor broken, as Syriza says. And they refuse to risk what they have conquered to become crutches of the one who until yesterday was their relentless persecutor.They are the ones - and there are many of them - who joined with many others in a great current, which four years ago turned a page in the country. Not all of these citizens, many of whom may not belong to our own party core, want Mr Tsipras and his gang to return with their own vote 'out of the window'. There are Greeks who may recognise that we may have hurt them in some respects, but we have never betrayed them, and we have moved the country forward, despite the great difficulties.

This becomes crucial as now, three days from today, the time for comparison is coming. We have, on the one hand, an opposition Babel, and on the other hand, on our side, a clear proposal. We have a political absurdity with doses of micromaganism and a rational solution of a safe destination.Because look, in an uncertain international environment - Turkey will have elections in a few days from now - what will be the Greek response? I have not the slightest doubt: I want my country to have a clear horizon in its course and a firm steering wheel in its leadership. The majority of voters, therefore, will not succumb to adventurism, but will join the broad front that believes in responsible patriotism and creative modernisation.

Friends, Young Democrats, the question of Sunday is now before us: do we want stability or unknown adventures? Do we want relief and increases or do we want Katrougalos to throw tax raids and cuts back at us 'out of the window'? Do we keep our country safe or make it weak to every threat?In short, do we prefer a New Democracy government and Prime Minister Mitsotakis or a Syriza government and Prime Minister Tsipras? The choice is now in your hands.

Tomorrow we complete our own task. Now the responsibility passes to the citizens. We weigh, we decide, we vote. And this responsibility - that is the beauty of democracy - is heavy on the shoulders of each individual citizen. Now there is no room for either frivolity, or hesitation, or dead-end experiments, or so-called protests. We, the Greeks, decide for our Greece. And this is the message that I ask you to carry, the soul of the party in every town, village and home, until the last moment.I repeat, the polls will open on Sunday morning. They will be empty. By the evening they must be filled with New Democracy ballots, ballots that show a party that is strong, that knows how to take Greece forward.

We are the party of Greek women and Greeks who, without party blinkers, want to build a better tomorrow for all. Far from the ideological divisions of yesterday that have faded away. Faithful to the Founding Declaration of Constantine Karamanlis, outside the political barriers that have rusted away. And in this struggle there are no better ambassadors than the Macedonians, than you, who grew up and united Greece.In the end, we were right to decide to hold our rally here, in this glorious stadium of Thessaloniki. I grew up with Nikos Galis and the resurrection of Greek basketball. This is how we start today and the new course for Greece 2030. So let's go together to score the three-pointer of the great victory, for a Greece that is moving steadily, boldly and only forward.High the flags and hearts, all of Greece is looking at us today and we are showing the way. Let's go for the almighty first place. On Sunday, Thessaloniki, Macedonia will be blue, because only our homeland is truly blue.Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Let us go together for the great victory.Be well, have a good fight and we will be here again to celebrate our great victory, the victory of the New Democracy.