Citizens of Igoumenitsa, thank you very much for this great welcome, for this great gathering, in broad daylight, here in Igoumenitsa. I am very touched by the reception you have given me.
And this reception, this rally, like other rallies we have held all these days, shows the true show of victory. A few days from today, six days from now, next Sunday, it will not be the cartels and the vested interests who will be celebrating, it will be the ordinary people, the people who will be celebrating the victory of democracy, the return of justice to our land. And we will not deny anything in particular. We all know it. We all know what the reality is, because we see it by talking to the people every day, the citizens of toil, the people of creation, the producers, the farmers, the stockbreeders, the small and medium-sized entrepreneurs. There is no longer anyone who does not want a great change in their lives, a great change in their everyday life, more justice and prosperity. That is why I believe that what we call 'change' is no longer a slogan. It is an expectation, it is a hope, it is a feeling of jubilation for the great majority of our people. Because people are now saying one thing. That's it. No more obscenity. Enough of family rule. Enough of inequality. Enough with the indifference. Enough of the arrogance of power and enough of injustice.

Citizens of Igoumenitsa and Thesprotia, for 4 years now you have known first-hand what abandonment and devaluation means. For 4 years now your law has in fact been off the map. And I would like to say a few words about what has happened, about what has not happened in these four years, but I do not know where to start, where to begin and where to end. Let me start with your port, which has been sold off without any real consideration, which we have been asking for many, many days now to give us the concession contract and they have done everything in opacity and they don't say, they don't show what exactly they sold and what exactly they got? The port of Igoumenitsa, the marina in Plataria and Sivota, the fishing shelter in Sayada and, most importantly, they do not tell us why, even what they were forced to support after our pressure and commitments, the concession of the port's land area to the citizens of Igoumenitsa. Why are they not implementing it?

Let's remember, let's remember the new university department here that was created was a TEI and we made it a university department of translation and interpretation, which was established as a university department in 2018 with the reform of the higher education map and in 19 they closed it and Igoumenitsa is left without a department, without young children, without a university department and students. The city has now become a city that lacks the freshness and vitality of young people. What else can we remember?

Should we remember and see the abandonment of the health structures in these four years, when we strengthened the public hospital with a new CT scanner for the first time, a new MRI scanner, an emergency department and despite the fact of the pandemic, today it has fewer doctors and nurses and cannot function?

Let us remember the devaluation of the people, the producers, the farmers and the farmers where I was in 2021,
I stood next to them. I went and met them, the tangerine producers, tangerine growers and they had the big issue then that they raised with me. That they weren't getting compensation for the wounds they had because of the bad weather. They never received any compensation, but now they are not even receiving the aid provided for by the OPECPEPE. And the big question for the farmers and producers in your county is no longer whether or not they will get any aid, but whether they will continue to stay in the countryside and produce in their own land, to have their fields, to sow them and their animals to produce cheese, milk, cheese to have the products, the livestock products, because the big question now is how they will bear the cost of production. The cost of production has skyrocketed. The energy costs have dragged all of them down. And what are they going to do now? How will they be able to stay in their country if the Mitsotakis government continues for another four years to give everything to the middlemen. 300 % is the difference between the prices that the producer sells in the field and what the consumer finds on the shelf.

What else can we remember about the devaluation of this law 4 years ago, apart from what I said about the rural world, about health, about the citizens here in Igoumenitsa, in relation to their port? For the small and medium-sized entrepreneurs, shall we say? Who have seen their bills skyrocket? Debts choking them? Not even being able to get out of a bank, because banks only give loans to those who can prove that they don't need to take out a loan? What else can I remember?

But I think the most important thing to say about your place is that it is a demographically ageing place. The villages in the municipalities, in the municipality of Filiata and in the municipality of Souliou, are villages that are actually becoming ghosts, as time goes by and they become ghosts, because people in the periphery cannot have a basic income, they cannot have a future, they cannot have a perspective. So who is going to provide answers to all this?

And of course I must also remember the mockery, the great mockery of our fellow citizens from northern Epirus, who have had their pensions cut off. In 2012, Mr Samaras, then we came along, and once we came out of the memoranda, we restored it in 2019, and for four years now it has been frozen. 4 years now. And now they've opened up a platform for them to make statements. The mockery and hypocrisy at its peak.

So we. I want to address the citizens of Thesprotia and say that we do not believe that there are second-class citizens. In the most difficult circumstances, we did everything we could to put this law back on the map. And we did everything we could, not only with major development projects, but also with small everyday projects. We gave 21 million only through the Philodemos 1 and 2 programmes to the municipalities of Thesprotia. If there is a bulldozer still operating in your prefecture today, it is because four years ago the SYRIZA government gave funding to local government to do projects. But 4 years ago absolutely nothing happened and what is worse? They excluded Thesprotia from the Recovery Fund, from the billions of the Recovery Fund, because the doctrine of the Mitsotakis government is that all resources should go to the few and powerful. All resources to the centre and nothing for the periphery.

So we are committed to reversing this course, this reality. We want to work for the many and especially the weak, the middle class. Remember what they told you in '19, that they would come to support the middle class. And what has the middle class become today? Living on food stamps. Coupons to go to the supermarket, coupons to pay the electricity bills, coupons to go to the gas station to get gas. Our lives have become a pass. A pass for every use. Pass, pass, pass, pass, but you're not going anywhere. So it is time for us to give Mr Mitsotakis a pass and say to him 'it is time to go home'. But I think that these days Mr Mitsotakis must be very busy. He is making his last trips from one end of Greece to the other in the state plane, because from next Monday he will not be able to use it. And he's also very busy there at Maximus.

Do you know how hard it is to gather all the evidence of a crime? Do you know how hard it is to rip out the wires of the Predator that was tracking half of Greece? Do you know how hard it is? But from Monday, the Megaron Maximou will belong to democracy and not to the parastate. From Monday, the Megaro Maximou will become a headquarters for the relief of society, for the support of society, for the recovery of the economy. To bring justice back to our country. But while I'm on the subject of surveillance, this great scandal. You will recall that Mr Mitsotakis avoided like the devil avoided incense and still avoids joining me, the two of us, face to face, in a televised debate. Many wondered, but why? Those who had the slightest doubt as to why, figured it out when they saw the debate last week, even with 6 participants. In the first tough question, he single-handedly confessed what he had been diligently hiding for 9 months, that the illegal surveillance was a scandal and that there was no, but no national reason for the political system, half of the political system, to be monitored.

And I wonder if he confessed that it was a scandal and there was no national reason, why exactly how, in what way did he invoke national secrecy, since there was no national reason for covering up the truth in the Commission of Inquiry. Because to this day, the judiciary has not... and you know what? If justice must go everywhere, first and foremost justice must go to the judiciary. That's where it has to start. Justice to justice to change the course of the country. Because justice... Why hasn't justice moved yet? Why is the prosecutor of the NSA who was signing the wiretapping provisions and brazenly told us in Parliament that if I wish I will even monitor the President of the Republic, why is she still in her position? Where is he keeping Mr Mitsotakis?

And the main thing is not only who was monitored and what exactly happened during this time. It's where that surveillance footage has gone. Half the political system, ministers, political leaders, party members, the heads of the armed forces, economic actors. All this data, thousands of gigabytes of data is somewhere today. The question is where has Mr Mitsotakis taken it? Does he want to blackmail the entire political system with it for the next 20 years?

And we respond, and we also respond to Mr Androulakis, who the day before yesterday told us for the first time so clearly that those responsible for the parastate must be held accountable. How exactly will they be held to account? With Mr Mitsotakis back in government? Is there any chance of there being a catharsis of public life for the scandal that he orchestrated, if the new democracy is back in government? So, that is why we also appeal to our friends of PASOK-Kinal. To the democratic progressive citizens, but also to the conservative citizens, those who are ashamed of what their current leadership is doing, because there are thousands of honest New Democrats who have ideological differences but who do not tolerate this undemocratic behaviour, the rape of democracy. And we say to them, Mr Mitsotakis is asking you for a blank cheque, to be washed away with your vote, to be an accomplice and at the same time, to Mr Androulakis, he is asking you to wash him away with your support.

The only possibility for a catharsis is for Mitsotakis to be defeated in the elections and this will happen with the great victory of SYRIZA and the formation of a progressive government from the day after the elections. So some people cannot say the culprits in jail, but equal distances between SYRIZA and New Democracy. There are no culprits in jail, but we can also cooperate with the high priest of wiretapping. So we want to give a clear answer to the Greek people today. The elections on the twenty-first of May are in fact a strong decision on whether justice will be done in our country and on the crucial issue of the wiretapping, but it is also a strong decision on whether justice will be done in our country and on another major crime that took place two months ago and that some people want to forget.

Two days ago I was in Trikala and I was asked to meet the tragic parents of the 3 girls, 2 twin girls and a cousin who were unjustly lost. They were unjustly lost in this terrible accident. And they said to me we ask you to pledge that our children will not be forgotten. This crime will not be forgotten. They wondered what exactly happened and a month now since the election season began the word Tempe is a banned word in the media. They are not highlighting their mobilizations, their agony, their agony to get justice.

I made a commitment to them that I will do everything in my power to get justice, not to get revenge on someone, but so that we do not have another accident like this, such a tragedy. But I want to tell you that even worse than the tragedy, the causes that led us to the tragedy, which are well known, is the devaluation of the railways, the minister who, in Parliament, was shaming the SYRIZA Members of Parliament when they told him that the railways have been devalued and that we will suffer victims, a week before the incident, the 3 outlaws of the workers who announced this tragic accident, but worse than all this, the terrible responsibilities, is the management that Mitsotakis himself did afterwards. Just 15 days ago he went on the television and said that Tempe was a minor damage that we have overcome. Really, really, is the loss of 57 people a decay and a political cost? But that is how they perceive human life. For them, profits come before people and lives. For us, people's lives are above profits, and that is the great moral difference that we have with Mr Mitsotakis's new democracy. They were setting up performances in front of an ... an antiquated console and saying that this is television administration. Remember how it burned down in '19 and they never restored it? We were told that one man was to blame and it was an accident - except that this man, untrained, unqualified, was appointed by party buffoonery, because that's what they've been taught. This is the state they have created. The spoils state, the spoils state, the spoils state, partisan.
So we are saying that it is time to draw a red line in all this and it is time to create a state with accountability, with meritocracy, not a state that is partisan, a spoils system.

They have put all the blue golden boys in the public utilities, doubled their salaries, like blue locusts they have fallen into the public wealth, 10 billion euros of direct awards and closed tenders to companies that were created 3 days before the tenders. And then they wag their finger at us and tell us where to find the money to give €2000 to the first appointed doctor, where to find the money to return the thirteenth pension to the pensioner, where to find the money to give a raise to the civil servant who has not received one for 14 years.

So we answer them: we have been judged by the Greek people both for our honesty and for the fairness with which we managed the most difficult moment. We had an obligation to collect 40 billion in public funds and we left the public funds full of 40 billion, so that Mr Mitsotakis could eat from the ready-made funds. He was able to spend 60. You saw how and to whom. Imagine if we had that discretion instead of the obligation to raise 40, the discretion to spend 60 in fairness. Would these be the public hospitals today? Would this be what public schools would be like today? Would this be the welfare state? Would it be where pensions are today, would it be where obscenity is today, everybody knows what the answer is. Because no matter how much someone can accuse SYRIZA and me personally that we made mistakes, no one can accuse us of handling the sacrifices of the Greek people with dishonesty and expediency. So that is why we say today that we are not asking for a second chance. We are asking for a first chance to govern on the basis of our programme and not under the coercion of the Troika. A first chance to govern by our will and NOT by our needs.

Citizens of Thesprotia and Igoumenitsa, I think that as the time comes, the great critical hour of change, fear changes sides. So I want to say one thing today to you who are listening to me, and especially to the young people. The result of the elections on the twenty-first of May, as we speak, is completely open. I want to be honest. And it is absolutely open because it depends on one thing: on how many people and who go to the polls to vote. If the 450,000 young people who are voting for the first time go to the ballot box, if our fellow citizens who want to cast a vote of punishment for what Mitsotakis has done over these four years go to the ballot box and do not decide to turn their backs on the elections, then you can be sure that there will not be enough days for him to pack up for Maximou, for Mr Mitsotakis to move. He should already start packing. Look at what is happening all over Europe and all over the world with the famous polls. I will not say whether they are true or false. I will say that it is the participation of the citizens that disproves them at the end of the day, and I ask you and the young voters to disprove the predictions that say that Mr Mitsotakis will have another four years of arrogance, indifference and targeting. Because you know what? He has not completed his programme.

He said the day before yesterday that "I have fully respected my programme". He has more to do. He has to privatize water. He has to completely privatize public hospitals. He has to plunder the young generation by sending young people abroad as immigrants, by maintaining the minimum admission basis for university admission and by further devaluing universities, both public and regional, to give patronage to colleges. And it has one more thing to do: to continue the great redistribution of wealth with subsidies going directly to support the energy, food, refinery companies and cartels, but it has another great redistribution to do, not income redistribution, which it has done and will continue to do, but wealth redistribution the greater redistribution of wealth from the middle class to the powerful, with the auctions of first homes. 700,000 properties, 700,000 households are currently in the clutches of the funds. This is the plan he wants to complete. And the question I want to ask you is will you let him? The question I ask you is on Sunday, May 21, will you let this happen by voting loosely?

So on May 21, there is no loose vote. There is a vote for our lives. There is a vote for change. There is a vote that will deliver progressive government the next day and that is a vote for SYRIZA Progressive Alliance. And I want to tell you one more thing. Your county became a single-member electoral district because of the aging demographic. Next Sunday, it will be the SYRIZA member of the Greek Parliament, the New Democracy member of the Greek Parliament. And I want to address all those who have a dilemma about what to vote for, especially here in Thesprotia and want to stand outside the choice of the two major parties. I want to tell them that next Sunday night is very important. Who will be here in the streets of Thesprotia and Igoumenitsa to celebrate. Will the democratic people, will the democratic progressive citizens of Igoumenitsa be celebrating, or will the known interests be celebrating, or will the cartels be celebrating, or will the privileged, the day labourers, the buffoons, all those who have been favoured for four years now, while the vast majority of your people have seen their income shrink and cannot make it through the month in the third week?

Well, I call upon you to do whatever you need to do in these six days that are left. House by house, neighbourhood by neighbourhood, café by café, village by village, so that next Sunday the democratic people of Igoumenitsa can celebrate. They should celebrate because they will send a progressive, democratic MP to the Parliament and celebrate with the whole of Greece, because the great change that society and the Greek people so desperately need will come. Be well. Thank you very much for this great rally, which is a victory performance in Thesprotia too. Goodbye! Good strength! Bless you.