Thank you for this spectacular reception. Trikala sends a message of victory. We will be victorious ten days from now. And the goal, dear President, dear Kostas, dear Mayor, that I am setting here in Trikala is very high. We will not only be above the national average, we will be above the percentage we got in the 2019 elections.

Friends, I came here today to shake your hand, I could not, there was no way I could complete my election campaign without passing through Thessaly again and without coming especially here in Trikala, where such great things are happening. A city that is a leading player in the development of the country, with a worthy Mayor, with a worthy Regional Governor supporting it, proving that when there is excellent cooperation between local government and central government, we can improve the lives of citizens. To make them better and that, in the end, is the stake of the next day.Was the Mayor right when he said that today the dilemma of the elections is very simple: are we going to move forward on a path of prosperity, on a path of national uplift, on a path of national pride, or are we going to go back to an era of high taxes, of unstable foreign policy, of internal and external insecurity? And Trikala has already voted today. We are going steadily, boldly, forward.

Many of you had the opportunity, I imagine, yesterday, to watch the debate, the debate, which some of you remember saying that we were not going to a debate. So here we are, we went to a debate and we will go again to another debate if we have to.
But what did the debate show, friends? What did I learn from that experience, three hours of talking to the political leaders? That there is essentially one credible political proposal for governing the country today: the proposal of the New Democracy.On the other hand, there is a progressive shambles. They all agree on only one thing: that they do not want New Democracy to govern and Mitsotakis to be Prime Minister. The Greek people will not indulge them.

It's up to all of you, because as the President said, yes, you see we have a very good current, we will be victorious, but don't forget on Sunday morning, May 21, when the polls open, the polls are empty. And by the end of the day they must be filled and they must be filled with many New Democracy ballots, so that by the evening of that day one thing is certain: that the Greek people will have sent a clear message that the next government will be the government of New Democracy. So that we can continue, friends, this important effort that we started four years ago, in the midst of so many difficulties. I do not need to mention them to you. We have managed too many crises, we have kept the country safe, we have protected our borders, we have repelled all the attacks on our national sovereignty. We built alliances; our voice is heard today, from the United States Congress to Brussels. Powerful. But at the same time, I also put into practice all my central campaign commitments.

When I came to speak to you again in Thessaly in 2019, I made a central commitment to you. I had said clearly that I would cut taxes and pensions and return to the middle class what Alexis Tsipras took from you. And I made it happen. We cut taxes, we cut contributions, we supported society, entrepreneurship, the world of work during the pandemic. We supported households during the energy crisis.

Fifty-seven billion euros have been spent to keep Greek society on its feet. And today I am happy because I see here, my dear Mayor, a vibrant market here in Trikala. All businesses know very well that if we had not stood by them during the pandemic years, things would have been much more difficult.

We did our duty. We have protected society and put the country on a stable path of development. This growth trajectory must continue at all costs. It is the one that will ultimately bring us better wages and better incomes for all. If I had committed to one thing during the election campaign in 2019, that I would cut taxes and I did it, today I look you in the eye and I am committed to one thing, and that is that I will increase wages for the public and private sector, we will reduce unemployment even further, we will bring it down below 10% and we will continue with the major development projects that are changing the face of Greece.

The first section of the northern axis of the E65 linking Trikala and Kalambaka will be delivered before the end of the year. It is a road that brings Trikala out of isolation. The second section, the southern part which is so important for the whole of Thessaly, will be delivered in the first three months of 2024 and the whole road will be completed by the end of 2025. I made a commitment here in Trikala during the pre-election campaign that the E65 would become a reality, and only we know how many struggles we have put in so that we can untie it and so that western Thessaly can finally come out of its isolation and unfold its development potential. From 378 million from the MIP and NSRF to 554 million available for the whole of Thessaly in the next programming period.

These are all important projects. Add to that the resources of the Recovery Fund. Mr Tsipras was telling us: 'that he went and negotiated for 17 hours'.  And what did he bring us back?  A third memorandum.  I went and negotiated for 5 days and I brought back 31 billion euros from the Recovery Fund.It is money that you see in the urban renewal projects that are taking place, it is money that you will see in the major irrigation projects, major investments, the Mesochora dam will finally be completed and will add significant renewable energy generation capacity.

The next four years will be the four years of Renewable Energy for everyone but, mind you, not just the big ones. Rooftop solar PV, I'm changing water heaters, solar PV for our farmers, pilot programs that link solar PV to the TOEBs, so that you primary sector producers can bring down the cost of energy and where energy used to be a comparative disadvantage becomes a comparative advantage.

What I want to tell you, friends, is that we have a plan for Greece for the next four years. We want to continue to build on the foundations that we have already built. For a Greece that is productive, social, just, strong, with an emphasis on our social face, with an emphasis on our good schools, our good universities. You know, I am very surprised how all the opposition parties are opposed to the important reforms that we are making in education.Yesterday, few of you may know, we had a nationwide competition, what we call the internal PISA. We went to 600 schools and did a sample test in the sixth grade and third grade to see what the level of language and math knowledge of our children is, to see what we need to improve.

He was against that as well. As they are against any notion of evaluation, they reproduce every bad stereotype of the client state that comes from the past. We are against this logic. We want to clash, we want to break eggs, we want to make our state better, more efficient, more digital, to continue this great digital revolution that has begun.You remember your life before gov.gr, don't you? The inconveniences, the queues. That's all over. You remember how we managed to organise - I see somewhere in the audience the Secretary General of the Ministry of Health, Mario Themistocleous - how we organised the exemplary Operation Freedom and vaccinated. We did 22 million vaccines.

We have shown the future of the National Health System, which for me is a big bet. How to reduce waiting times in our hospitals, how to recruit 10,000 nurses and doctors in the next four years. How we will invest and rebuild 160 health centres, so important to the region. How we will build the Emergency Departments. How the institution of the personal physician, so that you have someone who can monitor your health before you get to the hospital, can be done and take root. How to continue preventive screening. Women who are with us know that they got a message from the state for the first time, which came and found them and told them: "go get a screening mammogram because you may have breast cancer and not know it." And over 7,000 women were detected early breast cancer that way and will be cured. That's public health in action, with an emphasis on outcomes, not words.

So I want you, my friends, to give us the opportunity, to give me the opportunity to complete this important project that we have started with our partners.I often compare the Greece that we want to create with a half-built house. We have laid the foundations and we have started to build the floors. But the house is not ready yet. We have a lot of work to do to really get closer to Europe and to feel that we are Europe in everything.

Three days ago we had a very beautiful event at the Zappeion Hall. I spoke together with Antonis Samaras and Kostas Karamanlis about the European legacy of New Democracy. We remembered that we are the party that put Greece in Europe, against great opposition at the time. The older people remember it, the younger people hear it and learn that everyone was demonstrating at the time from the opposition, shouting 'EEC and NATO the same union'. And yet, Constantine Karamanlis took the country and put it in Europe, in the safe anchorage.We kept Greece in Europe in 2015 and our party will be the one that will make Greece a real European country. So that we can be proud of everything and no longer be the tail-enders and beggars of Europe.

So, these, friends, are the dilemmas of the elections and the dilemmas that we will have to clarify in the next 10 days. As you can see, I have stopped being completely concerned with what is happening in the opposition. We know them, we know them well. We know who they are, their lies are no longer listened to; when they come here and they give you a programme that exceeds 80 billion euros and they themselves know that they cannot implement it. I challenged them yesterday, I said one simple thing to them: "look, we don't have time to do it now, but because we will probably have a second election, if you dare to take your programme and send it with ours either to the GNI or to the Bank of Greece, so that they can cost the programmes and we can finally see who is telling the truth".

We know that what we are committed to we can deliver. We will deliver them with your strength. The country must not fall behind again. We must not re-enter an environment of prolonged instability with coalition governments, which, as I said, would only be united by their hostility towards New Democracy and me personally.

The country needs a stable government today. We have elections in Turkey in two days from now and probably second elections. Turkish revisionism will not disappear. It will be with us in the years to come and the Greek citizens should think, yes, who should be sitting in the Maximus building to manage an aggressive Turkey, which has proven that it can secure the country, build alliances, strengthen the armed forces, make Greece an energy hub in the Balkans. A country that matters.

These elections are also of geopolitical interest. They are not only of interest for the economy, for education, for health. I am sure that when the polls close, we will be able to celebrate a great victory, which will be a victory not only for New Democracy, but also for our country, for a prosperous, strong Greece that looks ahead and only ahead. So, in conclusion, I would like to ask you, in these 10 days that are left, that we all fight the fight without taking anything for granted; that we go and find the last contestable vote, in the last village, in the last workplace, in your friends. You all know, I am sure, some of our fellow citizens who have not yet decided what to vote for.

We have to fight this battle, to convince them that today the dilemma is: not to have a second time in disaster, but a second chance for the country's prosperity with a stable government of New Democracy, which will continue its work for a better, a stronger, a fairer Greece.When I return, Mayor and my dear Regional Governor, here in Thessaly, in Trikala, we can plan together a second four-year period of prosperity and go to implement it.So let us all go together, strong, bold, forward for a great victory. Thank you very much for this spectacular reception.Good race, good strength and with victory. Be well. Thank you very much.