Thank you very much for this very nice welcome. One thing I can say, we have a lot more people today than the last time I spoke in Chalkida. This says something about the elections of 21 May and the results of Evia.Friends, Mr. Regional Governor, Madam Mayor, it is with great pleasure that I visit once again the island of Evia and a city that I love very much.

I want to start by telling you how good and productive our cooperation has been over these last four years with both the Regional Governor and the Mayor. I stress this level of cooperation because I am well aware that a number of problems cannot always be solved by the central state. They have to be solved at the level of the Region and at the level of the Municipality and the truth is that, for the first time, I would say, in the history of local government, the Regions and the Municipalities had to manage such important funds, but they put them to work for the benefit of your citizens, for the benefit of the Region. That is why I would say that I am extremely satisfied.

I must tell you that I am here today 15 days before the crucial elections of 21 May. I am absolutely sure that both Chalkida and Evia will send a message of victory in these elections. A message of victory, a message of stability, a message of progress, a message of self-confidence, for a strong Greece, which must continue on the road that we have been on for these four years, a road that, as you know, has had many difficulties, many sharp turns without the appropriate "signalling". We have managed many crises over these four years. From the coronavirus crisis, the refugee invasion in Evros and on our islands, an aggressive neighbour, a war in Ukraine, an energy crisis, many natural disasters, the traumatic experience of the Euboea fires in the summer of 2021.But despite the difficulties, I am proud because we kept the country standing, we supported society and Greece today is stronger than it was in 2019. And we did all this while implementing all the axes of our government's programme.

I told you in 2019 some simple things. I told you that I would cut taxes for everyone and I cut taxes for every Greek. I told you that I would reduce contributions and I reduced contributions. I told you that I would bring in a lot of new investment and that I would highlight the comparative advantages of our country. And, yes, we have 300,000 new jobs today.

I told you that I will always stand by society in every difficult moment. Indeed, during the coronavirus we spent more than 50 billion euros to support Greek society and Greek entrepreneurship.All the shops here that you see today, which are bustling with life, you remember, we had to close them during Covid. But we came in and paid salaries, covered rents, gave a refundable deposit, kept them alive. Just so that they can grow today, hire people and in turn contribute to the dynamic growth that we have initiated.

But I also told you something else, that I would keep the country safe, that I would protect the borders and that Greece would be a "closed vineyard" in the past. That we would support our Armed Forces, that we would make investments, because national independence is not subject to discounts.I have just come from the inauguration of a wonderful War Museum - it is really worth seeing - and I was impressed. It is another important addition to Chalkida as a destination in its own right and I was thinking, through this 200-year history, how important these interventions that we are making today to support our Armed Forces, to get new planes, the Rafale, which are taking off from nearby, from Tanagra, you see them flying over Evia a lot.All these were important interventions that have strengthened the country's footprint, with a voice that is now heard from Congress to Brussels. A self-confident Greece that is no longer a beggar but a participant in European developments.

All this is a very brief summary of a four-year project. I could go on at great length about what we have done. But I am only mentioning them by way of illustration because I want to show how important it is to be consistent in words and deeds in politics, to keep to what you have committed yourself to. Because I want to talk more about what we have to do from now on, not what we have done. Because every election must be an election for the future, not for the past.

I'm opening a parenthesis. I see our political opponents for 48 hours now fighting like roosters over the political legacy of Andreas Papandreou and what happened in 1981. This debate is not our concern. We are talking about the Greece of 2023, about the Greece of 2027, about how to cut taxes, how to bring jobs, how to make our society fairer, how to strengthen the National Health System. How we will launch a series of major projects that concern, here, especially in Evia, in Chalkida.

It's true, you have every right to have every complaint about central government, over time, I would say. You are so close to Athens and yet so far away. And of course, I cannot forget that this bridge, the beautiful bridge that I crossed once again, was the work of Constantine Mitsotakis. Some of you may have been at the inauguration - which was stressful, as I recall - but I believe that I too can now identify my name, the name of our government, with an equally important project for Chalkida: the Chalkida bypass has been contracted, the construction site will start in June. It is the most important infrastructure project for the city of Chalkida.I must tell you that we were pushed very hard - the regional governor and the mayor know that - to be able to get it out of the way, to get the relevant European approvals. It is a project that will cost more than EUR 200 million. But it will come to fruition and will provide substantial relief for the whole city of Chalkida, but it will also contribute to the development of the whole of Evia as a whole.

But obviously it is not the only important project that concerns your region. I do not forget, and you do not forget, that we opened the new hospital in Chalkida in the midst of Covid, with many difficulties. A hospital that is a jewel. A hospital that is finding its rhythm and any minor difficulties and shortcomings we are here to correct. But it is a very important contribution to the city of Chalkida, to Evia as a whole and to our public health policy.

I cannot say enough about the way we dealt with a truly devastating fire. The Governor remembers well how difficult those days were, in the summer of 21, when we were faced with a firestorm. We took stock of what we should have done better and corrected many things in the Civil Protection and Fire Brigade. But we had to bend over in northern Evia and ease the pain of those people who saw their livelihoods destroyed overnight.

And I don't think there has ever been a faster and more systematic response, both in terms of compensation and in terms of our vision for northern Evia, with a comprehensive plan that is already starting to pay off. You see the traffic in northern Evia, how much it has increased. And of course, of all the important things we are doing for North Evia, I will single out just one: it is the road that will bring North Evia out of isolation. The studies of the road are already underway, they are in the Court of Audit. It is my personal commitment. Just as I gave you a commitment that I would find a solution to the problem of the Chalkida bypass, I am now giving you a commitment that the road linking Chalkida, central Evia, with northern Evia will become a reality and will be made a reality by our government.

So the elections that are coming, friends, will be an opportunity to debate, as I said, our vision for the next day.We have presented our programme. I will not talk about it in detail. I will just tell you that our programme is based on the basic premise that if we are to be truly European, we have to continue to grow at a much faster pace than the rest of Europe, to finally catch up with the rest of Europe and get to the point where we can claim our salaries, our earnings, to be truly European salaries.

Yes, we can achieve real wage convergence in the next four years. I have committed that the average wage in the private sector can reach EUR 1,500 and the minimum wage can reach a minimum of EUR 950, because we were the ones who took the minimum wage from EUR 650 to EUR 780.

We are the ones who have supported all of you in this difficult period with imported precision, with a series of interventions such as the "Household Basket", such as the "Market Pass". We did not say that we can tackle a global accuracy problem and make it disappear with "one law and one article". Others say that. You will never hear a lie from me. I will always tell you what we can do, and what we can do is to continue to support society, especially the most vulnerable, for as long as this wave of imported precision lasts.

And the productive Greece, as I envision it, is a Greece in which investments will play a leading role and Evia can play a leading role in these investments, whether we are talking about manufacturing, whether we are talking about primary sector, whether we are talking about tourism development.Evia is an untapped treasure and many aspects of tourism development.

Either we are talking about Renewable Energy Sources, which, however, will always - I will stress this - be done with respect for the environment and always with the consent of the local communities, so that we don't have misunderstandings and conflicts of interest.But Renewable Energy Sources are very important. Consider that we want to go to 80% of electricity production from the sun and wind. Do you know what that means? That we don't have to be dependent on gas imports from Russia as we used to be. We have paid seven billion euros to import gas in 2022 alone; we want to have energy that we produce ourselves, that is environmentally friendly and, of course, that is much cheaper. Here, in Evia par excellence, you are leading the way in renewable energy and I want you to continue. We can continue on this path, for the benefit of the national economy and local communities.

And of course one more thing, a very strong emphasis on health issues. I lived through the pandemic myself as Prime Minister, we all became experts on health issues. We managed to keep the country on its feet, the NHS showed its strengths, but it also showed its weaknesses. The next four years will be the four years of structural interventions in the National Health System; I do not accept that a person will wait six and twelve months for a scheduled surgery. I do not want to hear again that we have shortages of nurses and doctors when we can hire people and we can hire them faster.I will make 10,000 health care hires-nurses and doctors-in the next four years and I will move heaven and earth so that these hires are made quickly and do not get stuck in the cogs of bureaucracy.We will support primary care, important in Evia. Health centres, 156 health centres, will be rebuilt with Recovery Fund resources. We will rebuild all the emergency departments in our major hospitals.We will expand preventive screening. For the women who are with us-you know how important it is right now-for the first time women got a message from the state and we said to them, "Go get a screening mammogram, see if there's anything you don't know about," and we identified 7,000 women who had breast cancer and didn't know about it. Now they can be cured much more quickly and much more effectively because we detected it early.So all of this adds up to an overall vision of health for the next decade, of how I see a National Health System that really stands by the citizen in their most difficult moments.

But, friends, in order for all this to happen, in order to return to the great political dilemmas, there is one condition: the condition is that New Democracy is powerful in the ballot box on May 21, that we continue the work that we have been doing for four years, because that is the dilemma of the elections: whether we continue to move forward or whether we roll backwards. Whether we will continue on a growth path with better jobs, lower unemployment, lower taxes, or whether we will return to policies of overtaxing the middle class - you remember them well - and whether we will continue to support pensioners.

We were the first to give increases to pensioners after 12 years. And we will also fix the abomination of the Katrougalos law and the personal difference. It is my commitment that pensioners who did not get increases because of the personal differential will continue to be supported by the state until the personal differential is erased.

We were the ones who stood by people with disabilities. As I was coming, a disabled gentleman thanked me and said, "thank God someone thought of us". We have increased disability benefits by 8%. We are starting the Personal Assistant and we want to implement it for severe disabilities. We have made the interventions in the CEDAs so that they are digital and our disabled citizens are not inconvenienced by having to go back and forth for bureaucratic procedures at the CEDAs.

These are progressive policies. So that we don't keep hearing from our opponents that they are progressive. No, they are regressive. We are the progressive party of the country that really cares about the weakest, that knows how to finally move the country forward.So the elections are extremely crucial. You will tell me, aren't all elections crucial? Yes. But this one has a special criticality. Because we have left behind us a very difficult decade. We lost too much time with the crisis that hit us in 2010.

We need to make up for lost ground and we need to run faster. We know how to do it, we have laid the foundations, we have taken Greece forward.  We have learned from our mistakes. I never hid, friends. And in the catastrophic fires in Evia, I stood in front of the cameras, took my share of responsibility and said, 'we have weaknesses here, we have to fix them', because that is how I understand the concept of political responsibility. The Prime Minister does not hide when things are difficult. Nor does he put on a camera show like some others have done. Let us not go back to other times that we want to forget.

Therefore, I would like to ask you here in Chalkida to fight this battle together. We are doing well, you can see it, I can feel it, but I do not want there to be any complacency.We have 15 days left, we have 15 days left, and we must claim every vote that we can win. The stronger we are on the evening of 21 May, the more emphatic the message will be that in the next four years New Democracy must again be self-reliant for a strong and self-reliant Greece, because there is practically no other alternative to power.So let us go and find our fellow citizens who have not yet decided what they want to vote for. Let us ask them to take the step of trusting us. I often meet such citizens wherever I go. As you can see, I travel all over Greece and I make many speeches, I talk to people. Many people come and say to me, "We didn't vote for you in 2019. We will now vote for New Democracy." And it's an important vote of confidence.

I want us to rebuild together this great progressive current of patriotism and creative modernisation that was built in 2019 and will be reinvigorated now to give us a similar, if not better, result. To be able to have the strong political legitimacy to make the big changes; we need stability and determination. We do not need unstable coalition governments where one undermines the other. That is the last thing we need today.

Watch out, in a week Turkey has elections. And a second election, probably on May 28th. We don't know what will happen with our neighbour. We have a good period now, but things could get difficult again the next day.The question is, who should manage a difficult neighbor in a difficult neighborhood. Who will ultimately defend the country's national sovereignty and sovereign rights? Who will be able to build the alliances that will enable our country to truly feel strong and secure.Our world is a very complicated one. And the difficulties, unfortunately, will not be absent in the day ahead.

That is why experience and stability are so important. We have been tested in difficult times, we have been through fire and iron, we have learned from our mistakes, and today we are more experienced, more determined, more ready to move forward, to take Greece even faster, even more boldly forward.And I want you, the old fighters of New Democracy, from the times of Constantine Mitsotakis and before, to be my fellow participants and competitors in this struggle that we are going to give, the old fighters of New Democracy, from the times of Constantine Mitsotakis and before. Thank you for your support.

But thanks also to the new friends, the young guys who are with us, from the section of Psakhi, which sections of Psakhi have taken over again. These are the universities of the future that we envision, universities that young children will enter and be rewarded for their efforts. They will not, in fact, all get in without exams.SYRIZA has told us that they want to abolish the minimum entry requirement, to get all children into universities. Soon he will tell us that he also wants to abolish exams in universities. Soon he will tell us that along with university admission he will also give young children a pension.That is not my vision for the youth, that is not my vision. I want competitive universities, children who can excel in universities. I want good technical education for the kids who don't get into universities, so that they too can get a good job.

I want us to look to the future and not to the past. We know where we want to take Greece, we know that this Greece deserves and can do much better. Give me the strength to take Greece where it deserves to be.Be well, thank you very much. Good race, good strength and good luck again here in Chalkida, winners after the great election victory of May 21. Be well, good strength.
