Good day and thank you for this impressive welcome. Thank you for coming here today at noon, so massively, to once again show your support for our great party, New Democracy. Thank you, especially here in Oraiokastro, for giving New Democracy very strong percentages at the ballot box on May 21. Thank you, because you trusted a party that, as the Mayor said, has kept the country standing in the midst of great difficulties for four years, but at the same time honored the "truth agreement" that I asked you to sign in July 2019.

We are the party that, for the first time in the history of New Democracy, managed to increase its percentages and the absolute number of votes from ballot box to ballot box while in government. I must tell you that this vote of confidence from the Greek citizens is a heavy responsibility for me to live up to the trust and love of the people for a second four-year term. To be able to move even faster, even more boldly, to make the great changes that the country needs. Because at the ballot box on May 21st, the citizens rewarded consistency, hard work, and civilized political discourse, and rejected division, toxicity, and darkness. Unity won, division was defeated, truth won, and lies were defeated.

This is an important conquest for our country, but it is a conquest that is not yet complete, my friends. It is incomplete because nothing is ever complete. We have new elections on June 25th, and we have these elections for one reason only: because Mr. Tsipras, as we predicted and stated during the election campaign, took steps to undermine the stability of the country by introducing an electoral system that would, with mathematical certainty, lead to ungovernability. If the electoral system that will be in force on May 21st had been in force on June 25th, New Democracy would have had a strong self-reliance, and the country would have had a stable government as of today.

So we must go now and complete what we started at the ballot box on May 21. And one more thing: we can raise the bar of our expectations even higher. The 40.7% that we got is impressive. But we can and must do even better because the next election Sunday after that, we need to have a strong, stable self-reliance to be able to implement the big changes that the country so badly needs. I must tell you that, looking at the election results in the second district of Thessaloniki, we are obviously satisfied with our figures. However, it did not escape my attention that various parties and factions to the right of New Democracy have achieved quite high percentages.

I would like to take this opportunity to address all of our fellow citizens who believe that there are parties - especially small, non-existent parties that we do not know about - that can express religious sentiment in an authentic way. I want to tell them that faith is not imprisoned within the confines of a few small parties. Faith and orthodoxy unite, not divide. "Caesar's to Caesar and God's to God." So let various people who want to glorify themselves by hiding put aside these logics that they supposedly represent the Church and Orthodoxy and that others are less orthodox or less faithful than they are. I do not think that these arguments can stand up today in Greek society in 2023.

I would also like to address those who talk very easily about patriotism and defending national interests, and ask them to consider which government managed to keep the country's ship stable and make Greece much stronger today than it was in 2019, in the midst of great difficulties. When I came in 2019 and spoke to you again here in Thessaloniki, I told you that one of my three central commitments is a secure and strong Greece. Have we delivered on that commitment? We have invested in our Armed Forces in such a way that we have effectively reversed the balance of power in the Aegean within four years. We have repelled the aggressive appetites of our neighbors - not in words but in deeds - by building strong alliances, supporting our Armed Forces, and making our country the most important factor of geopolitical stability in the Eastern Mediterranean.

We have strengthened Greece's position in Europe. Today, when the Greek Prime Minister and Ministers attend European Council meetings, they no longer see us as the "poor relation," but as a country that has managed to achieve something that many people thought was impossible: to recover its economy and have growth rates twice those of the European Union.

All of this did not happen, my friends. It was the result of hard work - hard work that, however, has not been completed and must not be left unfinished. That is why the stakes of the June 25th election are so important for everyone. We must decide whether we will continue on this path of stability and progress or whether we will regress.

The leader of the Official Opposition said something that I agree with in a speech made by Mr. Tsipras yesterday. He said "we vote for our lives". Yes, we are voting for our lives. We are voting for the lives of young children who, after graduating from a good public university, want to have a decent job. Mr. Rector, we want quality knowledge in universities with libraries, not squatters' rooms and violence, as has been the case at Aristotle University for decades.

Yes, we vote for our lives and for better jobs and wages. When I talk, especially to young people entering the labor market, the first thing they tell me - and rightly so - is that wages in our country are still low. It is difficult for a young person, especially if they want to start a family, to make ends meet with the wages that exist today in the private sector. But the answer, ladies and gentlemen, is that wage growth can only come through growth and private investment. Private investment can only come from a government like New Democracy.

We vote yes for our lives and for quality public healthcare. We vote for a National Health System that will rise to the occasion, be drastically reformed as we have committed ourselves to, and provide all citizens with quality health services, regardless of whether they are in big cities or in the Greek periphery.

We vote for our lives so that we can have safe neighborhoods. For us, the safety of citizens is a prerequisite for democracy and prosperity.

So that's what we're going to vote on. We will vote, yes, for our future. People need to know that none of what we have achieved can be taken for granted. And very easily, if an unstable government with a weak parliamentary majority emerges the next day, things will be difficult. Just as if no majority emerges at the ballot box, there is virtually no possibility of forming a coalition government. Why? Because the one party that we have worked with in the past, PASOK, is clearly saying to us, "I don't care if you have 149 MPs, I don't care about anything. I do not want to take on the responsibility of governing, I will go to the opposition".

Therefore, friends, there is only one government proposal in the country today: that of New Democracy. That is why New Democracy must be strong and self-reliant after the elections on June 25th. And it is precisely this strong self-reliance, this stable self-reliance - I want to say it here and I always say it with our cadres, who are fighting their own battle - that is in no way a credential for arrogance.

Now the opposition has come up with a new slogan. "Don't vote for Mitsotakis in the elections," they say, "so that he doesn't become omnipotent." I reply that only the sovereign Greek people are omnipotent, and if they decide to give us a strong majority, we will respect their mandate and their verdict. We have many things to do.

In the next four years, we have a clear plan on how we want to further recover the economy, how we want to support the welfare state, but above all, we have a plan, my friends, on how we are going to generate the wealth that is so necessary to be able to have a serious and effective social policy. The only political force that is currently talking in the country about how to produce wealth is New Democracy. Workers will know that they can only have better wages when there are companies that invest and create jobs. There are no workers without businesses. So, if we do not have investment, a lot of investment, if we do not reduce unemployment, workers' wages cannot increase.

So, friends, only New Democracy has a plan and has demonstrated in practice that it knows how to distribute collective wealth fairly and ultimately support our weakest citizens. What have we done during these four years of great difficulty, pandemic, and energy crisis? We have supported society. Today, I walked a little bit here in your market and saw shops full of people. Remember that three years ago, we had to close the whole market because of the coronavirus. We came and supported businesses and workers so that these businesses could stay alive and have a more optimistic future today. We did the same thing with the energy crisis. We supported our electricity bills and society as much as we could with tools like Market Pass. We are happy today to see inflation coming down. It is not yet where we would like it to be, but certainly, the hardest inflation is behind us.

So, friends, the stakes here are very high. The country needs a stable and strong government in the next day. This stable and strong government can only be a government of New Democracy, and I am sure that with your support, we will be able to put this national goal into practice. I would like to end by saying that I want to make a bet with all of you here, both from Oreokastro and the second region of Thessaloniki, which has traditionally been a strong castle of New Democracy. Here in the 2nd Thessaloniki region, we can increase our percentages even further. We can squeeze - as I said before - parties and factions that have suddenly 'come out of the woodwork', without saying anything at all, relying only on emotion. But this is a job that we will all do together, and above all, you will do it.

We can increase our percentages. We will increase our percentages in Thessaloniki, and we will be back here in Oraiokastro to celebrate the great victory of New Democracy for a strong, stable government and to move forward so that we can write our own history. Above all, we are fighting for this generation to write its own history. With a strong New Democracy and a stable government for Greece, we will move forward, only forward and only upwards. Thank you very much for this impressive reception. Let's go and finish the job on June 25th. Be well. Thank you very much.