I thank you from the bottom of my heart for this overwhelming presence, for this great gathering here in Larissa. A gathering that sends a message today, not only to Thessaly, but to the whole of Greece. It sends the message of victory, it sends the message of change.  And I assure you that this is the message I want to bring you today, the message that comes from all over Greece, wherever I have been!  The message of change. These days, I am in almost every corner of our country, from Corfu to the Dodecanese and from Crete to Macedonia. And I want to assure you that the feeling of citizens everywhere, not only those who voted for SYRIZA in the last elections, even citizens who were at the ballot box for New Democracy, the feeling of everyone is, "enough is enough!" So much for obscenity!  So much for inequality!  So much for family rule! So much for indifference! Enough of arrogance! So much for injustice! Enough, in short, with this regime that has ruled us for four years. The Mitsotakis regime, which has made injustice the norm. A government that does not care about the many and a prime minister who does not feel the many and their problems.

That is why I deeply believe that the time has come to give an answer at the ballot box. An answer of perspective and hope. And I want, citizens of Larissa, from here, from Larissa of the rural struggles, from Larissa of resistance and democracy, a few kilometres away from your own Killler, the emblematic landmark of the struggle of the peasants of Thessaly, of the rural uprising for land and freedom, a few kilometres away also from Pyrgettos, where the socialist Marinos Antipas, murdered by the Tsiflicans, breathed his last breath. I want to remember, I can't help but remember his words, his last words: 'Freedom, Equality, Brotherhood'. And I want to say here from Larissa, the city of great struggles, how topical they remain, how dramatically topical these words, these concepts, how dramatically topical the concept of equality remains today, when inequalities in our country are rapidly widening, when the poor are becoming poorer and the rich richer.When in the third week of the month you cannot pay your electricity bills or go to the supermarket, but 15 major listed companies on the stock exchange have been profitable for 20 years with over 1 billion in profits each.

How dramatically topical is the concept of freedom, when an authoritarian parastate is brutally destroying our freedoms, even that of our communications, with malicious software and surveillance through the government building, the Maximou Mansion!And how topical is the concept of brotherhood, of the unity of our people, which is our only weapon against the difficulties we are going through. Because the unity of democratic, progressive forces and progressive citizens, the unity of the people, is what can save the people from all the suffering that is coming, from the worst government of the Right, which wants to be re-elected, but will not succeed! The time for change has come, because this is what the average Greek citizen wants today: a big change not only in the government, but in his life, in his daily life.

So I was talking about the relevance of the message of Marinos Adypa: "Freedom, Equality, Brotherhood". And I hope that at least this time I will not be accused of stealing the slogans of Marinos Adypa too, eh? But I want to say it, I want them to understand it well, I want everyone to understand it: If SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance represents and inspires today these great ideals, these universal human values, these great slogans that have always been the common heritage of all democratic forces of the country, of democratic citizens, of the progressive citizens, of the socialist forces of our country, if SYRIZA today represents them and expresses them authentically, it is because SYRIZA is a popular movement with deep roots in the history of the struggles of this people. It is because SYRIZA today is a genuine expression and core of the democratic and progressive party of our country. And if these ideals and these values and these slogans become topical again today, it is because the worst right-wing government since the post-war period, that the country has ever known, is making them topical! To bring down the Right, there is only one way: Our vote on May 21, the victory of SYRIZA! The worst government of the Right, the government of Mr Mitsotakis, will only be defeated if SYRIZA wins this election. And we will win! You can be sure that we will win! On May 21, we will be first and by far. And we will pave the way for the formation of a government of progressive cooperation that the country needs.

Friends, citizens of Larissa, in yesterday's debate of the political leaders, I believe that you all understood why Mr Mitsotakis has avoided all these years to go to a televised debate. Yesterday it turned out that his communicators were probably right. They knew a little too much that they were telling him never to go. For nine months, Mitsotakis has been diligently hiding the wiretapping scandal. And at the first tough question, he hit a storm. And he said what he hadn't dared to say the whole time before. What he hadn't been able to get away with the whole time before. So for the first time he admitted that there is a scandal, there is a real wiretapping scandal. And he admitted it publicly. But he also admitted, and this is perhaps the most important thing, that there was ultimately no national reason for the interceptions. But if there was no national reason for the interceptions, then why did he invoke national secrecy to cover up the truth in the Parliamentary Committee of Inquiry? If there was no national reason for the interceptions, what exactly was the responsible prosecutor of the NSA, Ms Vlachou, signing one after another of the interception orders? She was signing illegally. And if she was signing illegally, why is it that even today, under the responsibility of Mr Mitsotakis, Mrs Vlachou remains in her position? To monitor Greek citizens indiscriminately? And above all, why, for nine months now, no charges have been brought against anyone by the Greek justice system? What exactly is Mr. Doyakos and the prosecutors who have been in charge of this investigation for nine months now doing? All they have known is to put obstacles in the way of Mr Rammos and the Independent Authority, the Independent Authority, the one empowered by the Constitution, when he tried and finally found the evidence of the crime in the telecommunications providers.

So why, if there was no national reason, she used national secrecy, Ms. Vlachou remains in her position and Justice has not officially taken a step forward? The answer, in my view, is obvious: Because the scandal of the cover-up attempted by the Mitsotakis regime was an equal scandal to that of the surveillance. The scandal of the cover-up, which was attempted through the manipulation of justice, through the manipulation of the media, through the attempted manipulation of the Independent Authorities, through the abuse of the institutions of parliamentary democracy. For nine months now, they have been raping and violating the rule of law and constitutional legitimacy, and they even have the audacity to wag their finger at us with references to democracy and constitutional legitimacy. When all over Europe Greece is becoming the black sheep.  When the day before yesterday the European Parliament adopted by an overwhelming majority the report of the PEGA Commission, which shows that the orchestrator of the illegal surveillance is Mr Mitsotakis himself. And the European Parliament even makes recommendations to our country. Recommendations to restore the independence of the judiciary and the independent authorities. That is what Mr Mitsotakis has reduced Greece to. Identifying with authoritarian democracies. With Mr Orban's Hungary.

And the dilemma becomes even more profound and existential as we head towards the polls. It is clear that Mitsotakis is attempting to baptize himself in the pool of Siloam, to wash away his crimes against democracy with the vote of the citizens. I therefore want to address not only the progressive citizens from here in Larissa today. I also want to address the conservative citizens, those who are traditionally in New Democracy, who have serious ideological differences, but who are honest people. They are honest people and they will not tolerate seeing this party today end up violating and abusing democracy. I want to address those who listened carefully to what even their former leader and former Prime Minister, Kostas Karamanlis, said about the wiretapping scandal last August. "That it is illegal, undemocratic and unthinkable and there is no secrecy in the face of the need for a clean-up," he had said. I am sure that all those who heard him then, and who are New Democrats, feel ashamed of what Mitsotakis did and what it turns out he did by abusing the rule of law. And I want to ask them: Will you also be complicit? Will you wash away this shame for democracy and your party with your vote?

I also want to address every democratic citizen, regardless of where they belong. In this election, I want to ask him: Will you vote for democracy or for its abuser? Will you give Mr Mitsotakis the opportunity to take a blank cheque, to legitimise and continue even more uncontrolled and arrogant practices of the parastate? Or will you give democracy a breather with your vote? A vote for SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance, well, yes, it is a vote for breath to democracy! But yesterday I also heard Mr Androulakis say, for the first time so clearly, that the perpetrators of this parastate should be held accountable to justice. It is right and proper and reasonable. I wonder, however, if he has not realised that this will never happen with the New Republic in government in this country. I also wonder how he does not understand that the only way justice can be done is one: To decisively and definitively defeat the government of eavesdropping and cover-up and in its place, on May 22, a progressive coalition government should take the reins on the day after the elections. To give space and breath to the independence of the judiciary. To investigate the scandal and, if necessary, put the perpetrators of the parastatal in the dock. But I want to put it as simply and as clearly as possible: the wiretapping state is in the dock and, at the same time, the possibility of cooperation with the high priest of the wiretapping state is not possible. The two are not compatible. They are not compatible with common sense. But we are sure that the sovereign Greek people will provide answers to all this. And it is the Greek people who, with their verdict on 21 May, will pave the way for a government of progressive cooperation. Because things are very simple: Yes, it is a simple proportional representation, but that does not mean that simple logic does not exist. Whoever comes first has the first say in forming a government. SYRIZA first and by a wide margin means that the way is open for the formation of a progressive government on May 22. Seeing your determination, your dynamism, I will answer: Larissa, hold firm, let the Right fall! With SYRIZA's dynamic lead in your region, we will pave the way for a government of progressive cooperation in the next elections.

But I want to tell you, citizens of Larissa, that Mr Mitsotakis, in these elections, is accountable not only for the issues of wiretapping, illegal wiretapping and the abuse of democracy. He is also accountable in the forthcoming elections for a series of serious damage not only to democracy, but also to society. Because it is his responsibility that we had these tragic results in the pandemic. We lost 37 000 human lives. We are one of the worst countries in terms of loss of life, in proportion to our population, not only in Europe, but in the whole world. We are the worst in proportion even to Bolsonaro's Brazil. To give you an indicator for comparison, Portugal, which is a country with a similar population to that of Greece, to the population of our country, and with similar potential in terms of GDP, had 26 000 deaths. We had 37 000 deaths.  37 000 us, 26 000 Portugal.  It was a heavy price we paid.

And we are first, because the NHS has never been strengthened. We were challenged in Parliament to prove that those intubated outside ICUs do not have the same chance of being saved as patients in ICUs. While at the same time, he knew and hid the report by Professors Tsiodra and Lytra, who had given it to him in good time, and said the exact opposite. And after the pandemic, instead of Mr Mitsotakis taking the decision to strengthen our public hospitals, he took the decision to finish them off. And he opened the way for health speculators to sneak into the NHS. It's unthinkable, but it's true. Today we have fewer doctors and nurses than we had when we handed over before the pandemic. This is the situation that exists in the NHS today.

Mr Mitsotakis is also responsible for this unprecedented wave of obscenity that affects every Greek household. It is his responsibility that the international energy crisis and the crisis of price rationing have taken on the character of a humanitarian disaster in Greece. Our country is the leader in electricity prices, fuel prices and supermarket prices. At the same time, however, second last, together with Bulgaria, in terms of wages. Why? Because, just before this crisis started, what did Mr Mitsotakis decide? The privatisation of PPC, when he knew that the energy crisis was coming. He put the blue golden boys, the Stasi to rob consumers and share the spoils. Over 6 billion in profits for the energy and fuel companies during the crisis. 6 billion in excess profits. A large part, in fact, comes from the Greek taxpayers' own money, from the state's money, keeping VAT high, while inflation climbed over 10%, looting their income. Why? So that there is excess revenue in the public coffers and subsidies are given. But not to the citizens to go to the energy companies to keep prices high. To the refineries to keep prices high. To the supermarkets to keep prices high. This was the mechanism of obscenity and redistribution of income that Mr Mitsotakis implemented. He is also accountable for the looting of public funds. It was his responsibility that this huge robbery of more than 10 billion in direct awards and closed tenders took place, in companies that were set up three days before the tenders to be given to cronies, day labourers and the so-called - as we have called them - blue locusts. The ones that have rushed into the public wealth. 	

He's also accountable for the violent redistribution of middle class wealth, which he was supposed to make a flag, remember, in the '19 elections. A violent redistribution of property, which is under way and which will come to a head if Mr Mitsotakis is re-elected - which I am sure he will not be - because he has already passed 700 000 properties to the funds; 40 billion of property, at his own risk. It is his responsibility that is taking place, and he has already begun this squeezing of families, with the auctions of first homes, commercial properties and agricultural land, for debts of a few thousand euros. At the same time, however, he has found a way to protect his party, his friends and his own officials. And that makes him doubly accountable. When his party owes 400 million in loans and unsecured loans to the banks, when his cabinet owes 12 million, when he has ministers who make arrangements for debts of millions with 50,000 euros, like Papathanasis, it is immoral to put first homes of people's houses under the hammer for 5,000 and 10,000 euros. It is immoral to see images like the one the day before yesterday in Halkidiki, of an elderly 80-year-old disabled man who was found outside his house because he was a guarantor on a loan for his unemployed son. But this is the picture we will see from now on all the time, if Mr Mitsotakis confirms this policy at the ballot box. The Patsy's were not an accident. It didn't happen, it worked! They pretend not to know who they had in their parliamentary team, but this tactic was their strategy for dealing with the red loan problem, the looting. But the time of crisis is coming.

But let me say the last thing for which I think Mr Mitsotakis is accountable, in view of the crisis and the verdict of the Greek people. And I believe that this is perhaps the most morally critical of all the things I am going to say, because it concerns a major crime. The crime of Tempe. It is about this unspeakable tragedy that cost the lives of 58 people. Most of them young. And among them many of your fellow citizens here in Larissa. Why? Because an untrained stationmaster, with no previous experience, was illegally appointed with a party buffet to such a critical position. Why? Because for four years the railway network has been devalued. It too was to be privatized. Why? Because the telecommunications station here in Larissa was destroyed by a fire in the summer of '19, after the elections. And no one for four years was interested in restoring it. Why? Because the railroad workers sent three letters of apology,-not one or two,-three letters of apology to the Minister of Tempe, foreshadowing and warning of the fatality to come. But they did absolutely nothing. He only brazenly shouted "shame" a few days before the accident in Parliament, to the SYRIZA MPs, when they called him out on safety, on the unsafe railway network. Perhaps, even more saddening is the way they handled the tragedy than their own responsibility for how we were led to the tragedy. The way it was handled by the Prime Minister himself, and by his ministers, putting on miserable performances in front of an antiquated console here at your station in Larissa, which they christened 'telecommand' and made the workers say one thing for another. And at the same time they were fooling the people with this hypocritical, fake resignation of the minister of Tempe, Mr. Karamanlis, who is now a candidate in Serres! Because he too wants to wash himself in the pool of Siloam.

It is now obvious: they see the vote of the Greek people as a wash for their own missteps and they don't care about the real problems. They do not even care about people's grief, about their deep sorrow. But those of us who do care, and there are many of us, will neither forget this crime nor become complacent. For we are haunted by the moral obligation to vindicate the victims and their families, as far as possible. And above all, so that there will never be another tragedy like this one.So, from here, from Larissa, the scene of this tragic accident, I will say it again: we will not forget. We have no right to forget. No one and nothing will be forgotten. And the knife will go to the bone.  Citizens of Larissa, the guilty policies are unfortunately reflected in the lives of innocent people, in the lives of many. And since "Update 108" was recently promoted and became 107, not because we made a leap forward, but because some third-world country came up, "Update 107" therefore does not allow us to know, to let the citizens know, to learn the exploits of this government.

But fortunately there are international organisations such as the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, the OECD. What has the OECD proved in the past few days through its investigations? What did it find? It found that Mr Mitsotakis's Greece is the only country in Europe in which the income of its citizens has fallen dramatically over the years. He found that Mr Mitsotakis' Greece - the OECD said this - in the three years 2019-2021, was the only European country that had a nominal decrease in average wages. And he also found that Mitsotakis' Greece was one of only three countries in Europe that even in 2022 had a nominal decline in the average real wage. Mr Mitsotakis came out the next day and said "I refute the OECD". He has no problem!

It even contradicts the OECD! Then he talks about programme costings. Those who do the costing on the breakfast channels, on Mr Avtias and the nice Mr Portosalte, that is where they do their costing. But what else has the OECD told us: That half of Greeks are in debt to the banks, to the state, to the insurance funds. 4 200 000 Greeks have bad debts. What else do we know from the data of reliable European or international organisations, from Eurostat? That private debt has increased by EUR 40 billion in the four years of Mitsotakis' four-year term. And that public debt has increased by EUR 50 billion.

In short, friends, SYRIZA has made a titanic effort to get the country out of the crisis. To regulate, and it has regulated the public debt. It left 37 billion in the public coffers. We were the only government that the next government we handed over to could not claim that we handed over chaos. We had an obligation to raise, with sacrifice and difficulty, 40 billion to get the country out of the crisis and out of bankruptcy. And Mr Mitsotakis was able to spend 60. And I ask you: If instead of having the obligation to raise 40, we had the discretion to spend, is this what the country would look like today? Would this be the country of public hospitals? Would this be the picture of public universities? Would this be the picture of a welfare state? Would we be leaving the citizens today without a sunny fate if we had this discretion that Mr Mitsotakis had? Mr Mitsotakis, however, spent this money on "day labourers", direct awards, closed tenders and subsidies to obscenity. And, unfortunately, there is almost nothing left to create a dike against this great crisis for the middle class and the weak.

The middle class came to survive, citizens of Larissa, on vouchers, from where they would be supported, their income would rise, they would find better jobs. Vouchers for everything. Coupons for the supermarket, for gas stations, coupons for energy, to pay for electricity. And the baskets... You're in a good mood today! Indeed, the young people will say, 'better to drink a shot and not open a bottle on the beach than to vote for Mr Mitsotakis, who underestimates us, who despises us'! Because it is indeed contemptuous of the Prime Minister who targeted young people, the Prime Minister who put barriers to their access to higher education with the minimum entry basis, the Prime Minister who created a labour jungle in the labour market, with unpaid overtime.

The prime minister who doesn't give a damn about how to tackle the housing crisis, that young people today are not able to live their dreams, they stay in their parents' house until they are 35.

The prime minister who doesn't give a damn whether the children of poor families will not have the opportunity of a basic education.

The Prime Minister who doesn't give a damn whether today's young people are thinking about leaving the country to find a perspective with dignity in another European country.What is he doing about the elections? He is giving them 150 euros when they turn 18, ten days before the ballot box. Well, this Prime Minister will be punished at the ballot box by the young people!

Citizens of Larissa, I would like to say a few words on the occasion of my presence here for the world of production. I would also like to say a few words for the farmers, the stockbreeders, the people of production who are also going through very difficult times, very difficult times during the crisis. Very difficult times in these four years. And let me say that, if I am not mistaken - of course, the questions and the parallel monologues did not help - no one else remembered them yesterday, apart from the fact that I spoke in the free three minutes at the end about the agony of thousands of farmers and stockbreeders about whether they will stay in their place and continue to produce. Because with this appalling increase in energy costs, that is the great agony of the farming and livestock farming world today. So I would like to say a few words, because the timely and correct payments to farmers that we managed to achieve in the Syriza Government, something that is self-evident - but in this country, self-evident things are not self-evident - timely payments are already a thing of the past. These days, farmers should be finishing their 2023 applications in order to receive the annual payments. But they haven't even started. This is the excellence of the New Democracy government.

You want another example of excellence? The second example of excellence has to do with the people I met outside this stadium just before I went in. And they are the representatives from the village of Damasi, which was hit by the earthquake three years ago, but 130 people are still living in containers and 64 housing units. This is the excellence of the Mitsotakis government, three years later. I wonder what happened to that horseman who came to meet our Prime Minister? I wonder what happened? I wonder if he lives in a container or in a proper house? So I want to make a commitment to these people that we will be concerned about their rehabilitation. And our plan includes a number of interventions that will support the people of production, the farmers, the ranchers. But we will not forget the people who have been affected. We will not make vague promises, but we will try immediately, as quickly as possible, to create those conditions that will enable them to live like normal people in their own country.

So I would like to take the opportunity of my presence in Larissa to say a few words about what our programme provides for the production people. In the first 50 days, we are decoupling the price of wholesale electricity from the market price of gas, and we are introducing a maximum profit rate for power generation. We establish a retail price cap on electricity per megawatt hour. In this way, we are substantially reducing the price of electricity and, at the same time, we are introducing a cap on the price of agricultural and livestock electricity so that farmers and livestock farmers will stop receiving bills ten times higher than those they received in previous years, which have to do with their energy costs. We are reducing the special tax on fuel, on diesel, heating oil, petrol, natural gas, to the lowest rate in the European Union, and we are abolishing the payment of the special consumption tax on agricultural oil. The farmer and the farmer will pay less at the pump, because he will no longer pay the excise duty at the pump.We are also reducing VAT on foodstuffs to 6%. Over a four-year period, we are using available Recovery and Resilience Fund funds to complete regional and local infrastructure, and to support agricultural production. We subsidise the purchase of feed for farmers of all livestock species. We subsidise the purchase of fertiliser for farmers. We grant microcredits up to 25,000 euros, guaranteed by the Rural Development Guarantee Fund, financed by the Rural Development Programme. Finally, we are abolishing the business tax, an unfair tax burden that is imposed horizontally on professionals and businesses, and we are regulating agricultural debts in the same way as we regulate debts for first homes and business premises. In the same way, we regulate farmland debts. With the immediate lifting of seizures, with the cancellation of interest, and long-term repayment arrangements for the loans of the former Agricultural Bank. Finally, we are changing the regulation of ELGA, which we had started during the years of our government, in order to maintain its public and solidarity character. But at the same time to make it socially just and a real help to the producer's income by introducing advance payment of compensation. And we establish the bilateral equal funding of ELGA, both by the producers and by the Greek State.

Friends, a few days ago, as you know, we published our programme, we published the "Contract for Change". That's what we called it, a Contract for Change with 11 articles, which crosses all 11, I would say, a red line. What is this line? The line of justice. What our program, the Contract of Change, provides for: I will say it briefly, so that it stays with all of you who are at this stage and you will be able to very easily convey it to all the citizens you meet. This Contract of Change means 4 things: Raising wages, lowering prices, regulating debt and a fair and efficient government. The Greek people need a government that cares about the ordinary citizen. It needs a government that cares for the farmer, the small and medium sized farmer, the worker, the student, all those who feel underprivileged, unprivileged.It does not need a government that cares only for the powerful. That is why we deeply believe that our slogan, "Justice everywhere", is a slogan that can touch the soul of the vast majority of Greek citizens. And that our second slogan, the slogan "Change", is not just a party slogan. Change is also a struggle, a social, political and national necessity. In the coming elections, our people will be called upon to answer a crucial dilemma. The crucial dilemma is: Mitsotakis again or change? Is it Mitsotakis again or justice? Mitsotakis again or SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance? I am sure that the vast majority will answer this dilemma and vote for SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance. So SYRIZA has drawn a road map, so to speak, the path to justice, step by step. This is our programme. This is the Contract of Change. Because they are scared, they are going out in the media these days and telling all kinds of lies.

When we presented the main body of our project, we provided detailed costing. Mr Staikouras told us then that no, it does not cost 5.5 billion, because how could he accept that 5.5 billion can change people's lives when they are giving 10 billion to direct awards and closed tenders. So they then costed our programme at 24 billion; when things started to get tough, the costing started to go up, it went up to 45. The day before yesterday, they took it up to 80. I'm afraid that by the time the election comes around, they might take it to 180. No matter how much they go over the costing of our program, we have one thing to say to them: That our program is going to cost things to some people, it's going to cost the funds, who are going to lose the ability to buy people's homes. It's going to cost the energy companies that have been profligate all this time. It will also cost the banks, possibly, who will not share profits. It will cost those who have a record of profitability. But it will benefit, not cost, the vast, the vast majority of Greek society. I also want to ask myself, since we are talking about costs: Is it true that the New Democracy programme costs how much? How much has its government policy cost? How much does it cost Greece, the Greeks, the Greeks and the Greek women, that they have abandoned public hospitals? How much is it costing young people to work unpaid overtime? How much is it costing the obscenity that Mr Mitsotakis premiumises and households not having enough to live on after the third week of the month? The cost of Mr Mitsotakis to the Greek people is ultimately incalculable. Because within this cost, we have to include the cost of human life, the high price we have paid.So we answer once and for all: We will not take suggestions about whether we can find the money to pay 2,000 salaries to the first-appointed doctor from you who give billions to premiumize obscenity! We will not take suggestions on whether we will restore the 13th pension to pensioners, which you cut and we gave it to them during the period of the memoranda, from you who have been subsidising big business all these years! We will not take suggestions as to whether we will give, after 14 long years, a raise to civil servants, to you who give 10 billion in subsidies to obscenity.

But I want to tell you, citizens of Larissa, that apart from the 11 articles of the Contract of Change, which we address to all democratic citizens, but we have submitted it, the progressive parties - those who call themselves progressive - should also take it into account. Because, look, simple proportional representation is fine, but you cannot just have the benefit of simple proportional representation, you have to have a basic relationship with the responsibility for how this country is going to be governed the next day. And they have to answer at some point. Are we going to be referred back to the well-remembered 'what Plastiras, what Papagos'? Will those who tell us that they are also the sole heirs to the legacy of Andreas Papandreou continue this untruthful two-front? For us, there is only one front. We have a front only with the worst right-wing government that has ruled the country since the post-war period/ To the progressive forces, we give the hand of cooperation, we have no front. So we address this 11-point programme and say to them: Tell us our views, do you agree or disagree? Tell us what else you add to this programme. If the precondition is that we initiate the procedures so that there is justice and vindication for the great bugging scandal? Yes, we accept, if that is your condition and we commit with you to put it as the 12th point. But you cannot say that it is not your business how the country is governed the next day. You cannot tell the worker, the unemployed, the student, the farmer, that it is not your concern whether Mr Mitsotakis or a progressive government with SYRIZA at its core will be in power to give hope and prospects to the dreams of young people, to the lives of the middle class and the weak.

And because yesterday I also heard from the nice Secretary of the Communist Party, who lately - yesterday he appeared as a chomper, and we are scratching at his glue - I want to tell him to know one thing: Progressive citizens, left-wing citizens, communists, are not sheep. And they understand that the great critical dilemma of the ballot box on May 21 is whether the next day we will have a government that will support the worker, that will restore labor legitimacy, that will re-establish the Labor Inspectorate, that will abolish unpaid overtime and restore eight-hour work, collective bargaining. We can't help but be concerned that we are witnessing this terror that we saw with the employer next to the Minister of Development, terrorizing workers that if they don't vote for New Democracy and vote for Syriza, he will fire them. This is the picture today in the labour market. And there can't be any progressive, any democrat, any left-wing citizen who doesn't understand this big stake, the stakes of the ballot box.

So I want to tell you that we, apart from the 11 points, we have already prepared - because you know, justice must not be delayed in some cases - we have already prepared a legislative act, which will be signed immediately with the formation of the progressive government. A legislative act before the Members of Parliament enter the House to start the procedures of passing bills. Do you know what this act contains? Three things. First, the suspension of all first home auctions until the Comprehensive Property Debt Protection Plan is enacted.

Secondly, it includes the reduction of VAT on food, on all food, to the lowest rate, 6%, and a zero VAT rate for those foodstuffs of consumption that are necessary for citizens, such as bread, baby food. We will have 0% VAT on these foods. The reduction of excise duty on fuel.

And the third article will contain a commitment, which we will put into practice and which concerns thousands of students, who are currently fighting their own battle for the national examinations. We will abolish the minimum entry threshold to stop walls being erected to prevent young people from gaining access to universities.

A fellow citizen here, a person with a disability, pointed out to me that this government has abandoned people with disabilities. One of the 11 points of the Contract for Change that we put before the Greek people is the effective support of people with disabilities. It is accessibility, it is the 20% increase in disability benefit and the broadening of the criteria. It is the restoration, if you like, of our culture. We cannot have public buildings that are inaccessible. Our roads, not to be accessible. You're lucky because you have a mayor who cares. You're lucky. But not everyone is lucky.

So, I would like to close this great, important gathering for Larissa, for Thessaly, for our struggle, by saying a few words about the meaning of voting. This is the first time we will vote by simple proportional representation. But that does not mean that we will vote loosely, we will vote without having any criterion as to what will happen in the morning. Simple proportional representation has one characteristic: The equality of the vote. But what does that mean? Whatever you vote for comes out. And it's obvious that simple proportional representation, despite what they say, is an electoral system that can and should, I will say, deliver government the next day. A government of cooperation, yes, on a programmatic basis. As all the polls, all the estimates show, the 1st and 3rd parties will be able to form a government the day after the election. That is why it is crucial which party will be the first party. If the New Democracy party is first - look, don't listen to what Mr Mitsotakis is telling you that he is supposedly going to go to a by-election. Who will risk a second election? He will not risk it. And with a half a point ahead, he will do anything to form a government. A government of rags? Yes. What did he say? One party, many colors. What does he mean? He means pressure and blackmail, he even means defections. They know the plan, they've done it before. Have no doubt, they will form a government. If Syriza is the first party, it will open the way to build another government; a government that cares about the people. A government of progressive cooperation. A government that will bring change in our lives.So that is why we are addressing all citizens and we are saying: Yes, we are voting with proportional representation, but at the same time we are voting with simple logic. And it matters which party comes first in these elections. We are also addressing all those young people, we are saying one thing to them. There are 450,000 young people from 17 to 21 who are voting for the first time in this election. And we say one thing to them: Don't let an important weapon that you have go unused. Go to the polls. Go vote. Just go. And if you all go, the New Democracy of Mr. Mitsotakis will surely be a thing of the past.

But I also want to address those who do not agree with us and want to vote in protest. They want, he says, to punish this government because it has made life difficult for them, because they agree with us that it is a government that has widened inequalities and injustice, but they disagree with us on some things and say, "How are we going to punish the government? By voting for any party." We respond to them: The only thing that can really punish this regime that governs us is if this regime that governs us is defeated. And the only way to defeat this regime that governs us is to defeat New Democracy. And the only way to defeat New Democracy is for Syriza to win. So, the toughest, the most punishing vote, the toughest vote of protest for what we have lived through these four years, is the vote for SYRIZA-PROGRESSIVE ALLIANCE. It is the vote that will give us a clear lead next Sunday night. So that we can celebrate the great victory of the Greek people that evening and so that democratic citizens can take to the streets and celebrate on the evening of 21 May. No cartels! No the powerful! No the interests! So that the lips of the people of toil and work, the young people, can smile! So that's why I call on you, all of you, to fight this battle during these 10 days. Home to home, village to village, to convince the people of the great value of the evening of the 21st to win, to win democracy and to restore justice to our land. Justice for all, justice everywhere. I thank you from the bottom of my heart for this very large gathering today in Larissa, which gives the message of victory! We will be first in Larissa, we will be first in the country. Be well! Let's go! Bye!
