Let's now move on to social Greece, to policies that have to do with education, with health, with social cohesion. Let me start with a photograph that I think is very familiar to all of you. It is Operation Eleftheria, the vaccination operation which was planned from the outset, from scratch, by the Greek Government. It is, in fact, let me say, a picture from the future; workers and health professionals with a smile welcoming us to the vaccination centres. The state coming to citizens with scheduled appointments. Remember when you used to get that message and to the minute the state would come and tell you when to get your vaccination. How many people back then believed that you could actually go to a vaccination center and get vaccinated at the exact time the state told you? And yet, we did. It is a great legacy for the National Health System and for health policies as a whole what we achieved in the Freedom campaign.I would say that this is the image of credibility, of safety, of security, of trust, in citizens and in workers in the National Health System, that we want in the whole NHS. MyHealth.gov.gr. The country was one of the few countries that did not actually have a digital patient record in 2019. For the first time we have the MyHealth app with intangible prescriptions, online appointments with the Personal Doctor, medical vouchers, diagnostic tests in hospitals and diagnostic centres.What you are seeing - those of you who have not downloaded it on your phones, I encourage you to do so - is essentially the blueprint for the digital patient record, which will be ready at the end of the next four years. All the information gathered in one place; think how important that is. For example, an emergency happens, the ambulance arrives and the ambulance rescuer knows exactly the medical history of the citizen he is going to pick up. And when he goes to the hospital, the hospital is already prepared to deal with the incident and the patient is directed to the hospital that may be on call at that moment and has the specialised knowledge and the ability to deal with that emergency.So we are essentially combining technology with quality health care. The digital health revolution will be one of the major programmatic commitments of this government. I think we have already demonstrated, in digital Greece, that we have the capacity to make not steps but leaps forward.Two images: one we like and one we don't like. Because the aim is to show the truth without embellishing it. Left, ranches. This particular picture from "Evangelism". Yes, we have made a valiant effort lately and have largely succeeded in reducing these "adjunct beds", as the experts call them. Ranja, for everyone else; but the picture on the right is also a real picture. It is the picture of the intensive care unit of the "Salvation", which was built with the funding of the Parliament in record time, 50 beds. We have managed to increase during the pandemic by 100%, to double the number of ICUs, basically.We want the right picture, we don't want the left picture. How do we do that? By modernising the emergency departments in 80 hospitals and drastically renovating all 156 health centres in the country, with resources from the Recovery Fund. To create more than 300 telemedicine units, and of course, very importantly, to reduce waiting times for surgical operations. We need to reduce them by 50% and my goal is to reduce waiting times in emergency departments by 70% by the end of 2027.