Let's move from health - I will come back to this section in the summary of this section - to some of the above programmatic commitments and move on to education. This photo is real, it is a photo that was taken in a primary school in Aghios Anargyros, in a fifth grade class, and it shows the picture of the school of the future. Digital interactive whiteboards in all grades, from 5th grade to 3rd grade, in 36,000 public school classrooms. And I've already given my approval in the Recovery Fund Review to find additional resources to get such interactive whiteboards in place by kindergarten. That is, to have such a whiteboard in every Greek classroom.Think how much the lesson itself and the teaching experience changes with this tool. How much more interest we arouse in children for knowledge and how much more creative the lesson can become for students and teachers alike.Of course, this is something that is accompanied by systematic training seminars for teachers and teachers, so that they can make use of this amazing opportunity that modern technology gives us. And I would say that the next four years in education is very much the four years of the implementation of a major package of institutional interventions that were passed in this four-year period.It is very important, especially for education, that we can have an eight-year horizon so that the major changes that we have made can actually take root. Changes such as the multiple textbook, whose implementation has actually already begun, more Standard and Experimental Schools, extended school hours to 5:30 p.m., so important for working families, and of course, we are building on the 25,000 new teacher recruitments that this government has made. We estimate 4,000 to 5,000 new teacher hires every year.I'm curious to see if there's anybody who recognizes where that picture is. Kozani. You would think it might be an overseas university. Yet, this is the modern campus of the University of Western Macedonia. This is how we want all our public universities to be.At the University of Western Macedonia we have the School of Economics and Regional Studies, the School of Information Sciences, the School of Business Administration. And it is not only the very nice buildings, it is also the liberation that we have given to the universities, so that they can actually claim extroversion and provide quality studies for all students; to finally connect studies with the real economy and production with tools such as industrial doctorates, double degrees, extroversion. Note, two medical schools already have English-speaking departments. It is not possible - I have said it many times - that Cyprus has become a centre of attraction and education for our entire wider neighbourhood and we cannot do it in Greece.The next four years will be the four years of extroversion for Greek public universities.