With their policies and attitudes, both SYRIZA and PASOK gave enough time to the ND government and the rotten capitalist system to save themselves at the expense of the Greek people. They will do the same again because they agree with the strategic choices of capital and the EU. Not only that, but they have done something even worse. They have imposed, by their policies and attitudes, in the minds of many well-meaning, progressive people that there is no "alternative". They even pushed them to vote for New Democracy. Now, after decades of experience, neither PASOK nor SYRIZA have been able to give an answer from the point of view of the people's interests, either as a government or as an opposition. This was proven, moreover, by their governmental course when they passed memoranda one after the other, brought in new anti-people's measures, and co-governed with the Right: PASOK twice with ND, SYRIZA with ANEL, when known "right-wingers" easily joined their ballots, and when they supported all the directions of the EU, NATO, and so on. They proved it with the "composable" programs they submitted during the election, all serving the same strategic goals and their common choices. That is why, after all, the whole discussion before May 21 was about what composition and partnerships the next government could come up with, and not, of course, what it would implement and for whom. That is why PASOK was seen as available either with ND or with SYRIZA. And today it is again making itself available, based on statements by its executives, if ND fails to achieve self-reliance. And here we have another huge offer of SYRIZA to the system, one of many! It managed to rebrand PASOK as "progressive" with the well-known talk of a "progressive" government. The PASOK that was rightly spat upon by our people in 2012. The PASOK of the riot police, of the unpopular laws of "modernisation", of the bloody growth targets, of the euro and of the Olympiad that the people paid for in gold. The PASOK of memoranda, of cut wages and pensions, of the country's involvement in the war in Yugoslavia, Iraq, and so many others, of the surrender of Ocalan. It is this PASOK that SYRIZA has managed to baptize and re-launder as "progressive". Laundry contractor by Mr Tsipras and his party. SYRIZA and PASOK will, in fact, occupy the "opposition ministries" in the next unpopular government of ND.