Young democrats of Heraklion, fellow countrymen and women, Cretans and Cretans, This must be the biggest political gathering that has taken place in Crete for a long time and my words are too few to describe this impressive reception. It shows that, as it did a few weeks ago in Chania, so today in Heraklion, it sends the message of a great victory.I want to win a bet that we have all made together, that all of Crete will be dressed in blue on 21 May. The whole country should be blue, in the colours of the homeland and of the party for a self-reliant Greece and a self-reliant New Democracy.This election period has gone by quickly, we are about 120 hours away from the polls. But that is why I am here, for the second time in Crete, the only place I have visited twice during this election period, to take strength from our land and additional courage, from your optimism, from your smiles.Because the country requires stability in its conquests, it requires continuity in its progress and it requires consistency in the path it has charted forward. So here in Heraklion, too, it is shouting "no to a second time in disaster" and giving a second strong mandate for progress.We are doing our best, as only we Cretans know how to do, and on the day of Constantine and Helen, when Constantine Mitsotakis would be celebrating with us - and I see many of his old friends with us - on this day, Constantine and Helen, we welcome the great celebration of democracy, we bring the firsts to all our prefectures and we send with the waves of our sea the slogan of unity and new hope throughout the Greek territory.

That is how we have managed to overcome so many difficulties in such a short time. First the migratory invasions in Evros and the Aegean, then a pandemic that lasted more than two years, then the energy crisis and the global precision of the war in Ukraine. And almost daily, notice, for almost four years, the aggressive actions of neighbouring Turkey.Against all this, we stood up with Greece stronger today than it was four years ago. With society more united. With Greeks, despite the difficulties that we still face, more optimistic.

But not only that, because at the same time we have not forgotten our commitments. Do you remember what I promised you, here, from Crete, from Heraklion, before the July 2019 elections? I promised you less taxes and contributions and more jobs. I promised you income support with care for the weakest. I pledged to you a country with secure borders and a voice that would be heard proudly abroad. Have we delivered on all that? Yes, we did. Where are we today? All of you, all of us are paying 50 less in taxes. The shoulders of the Greeks have been permanently relieved of a burden of EUR 7 billion. I told you that I would cut ENVIA by 30% and we reduced it by 35%. And 10% more from now on for insured properties. We increased the tax-free allowance. The first rate dropped from 22% to 9%. Our farmers when they cooperate pay half the tax when they cooperate. The solidarity levy was abolished and, yes, parents now transfer property to their children for free. We have, in effect, abolished the parental benefit tax.

At the same time we turned our attention to the low paid. The ones who are most challenged by imported precision. The basic wage was increased by 20%. We received it at 650 euros, it is today at 780 euros.And for our pensioner friends who are with us, you know better than I do that for the first time they have seen increases of almost 8% after 12 years. Those who are still wronged by the Katrougal personal differential are already being boosted and will continue to be boosted until the personal differential is finally erased. It is my commitment and I will keep it.We here in Crete and especially in Heraklion know what growth dynamics means for our economy. How we have created almost 300,000 jobs in four years.

We know what it means for growth to run at twice the rate of Europe and for investment to go from record to record, just as records are being set in two areas that you and I are well aware of: oil exports and our tourism revenues.I was asking the airport manager today as I was landing in Heraklion, and he told me that in the first half of May there was an increase of 15% compared to 2022, which was already higher than in 2019.In the economy, therefore, the motto "we said it, we did it" applies.

But the same applies to our other promises. Greece used to be a centre for migrants passing through. It has become a homeland with borders on land, air and sea. We have proved that the sea has borders too, and that we can protect those borders.Flows have been reduced to almost zero. A few days ago I was in Lesvos. Moria no longer exists. It belongs to the past. Our islanders themselves know how much of a relief this is for them. And no matter how much some people object, inside and outside Greece, I insist: the Evros fence will extend across the entire border.

And let those who will vote remember that we are not only voting for the economy, for health care. We are also voting to strengthen the country's geopolitical position, to strengthen our defence. We were the ones who in record time added 24 new Rafale fighters to the Air Force arsenal. The upgraded F-16 Vipers are already flying from the 115th Fighter Wing in Chania. Above you they are flying, no matter how often we don't see them.The first Navy frigates Belharra, the most modern, mind you, ship that will exist in the Mediterranean, are already being built in France. We will take delivery of the first one before the end of 2025.All this next to our regenerated shipyards, next to our strengthened defence industry. Because for us, the great patriotic party of the progressive centre-right, national defence is the ultimate end in itself.

All of Crete is blue and all of Crete must become blue.But be careful, the national shield has a second aspect, not only the armouring of the Armed Forces, but also diplomacy, and it is a shield that starts with strategic defence agreements with America and France, goes on to the definition of Maritime Zones with Italy and Egypt and our relations with Israel and the Arab world, to the extension of our territorial waters in the Ionian Sea and, for the first time in ten years, after much talk but nothing in practice, to the hydrocarbon exploration that we are currently carrying out southwest of Crete.The voice of our country is now being heard loud and clear in Brussels, not only in the geopolitical but also in the economic field. You know, I too went to Brussels and negotiated, not for 17 hours to bring back a 100-billion-euro memorandum, but for five days to bring home 31 billion from the Recovery Fund.Add to this money the resources of the Rural Development Programme and the 26 billion of the new NSRF, and you can see the importance of European support in the effort to revive our Greek economy.

Friends, I have tried in a few words to describe the four-year effort to lay the foundations of the new Greece that you see being built around us. And I have insisted on this very brief account to illustrate the great importance between words and deeds, what it is that ultimately distinguishes one government that is distinguished for its consistency from another government that has done the exact opposite of what it said it would do.We see at this moment the whole country has been transformed into one big construction site. In Athens, the Metro is being expanded. In Thessaloniki - I will be in our capital in two days' time - I am putting my commitment into practice. By the beginning of 2024, Thessaloniki will have the most modern Metro in Europe. We said it and we did it. Major roads are being built all over the country and here, of course, the great project of a lifetime for our Crete. A personal bet of mine, the Northern Road Axis, which is finally starting. The older ones will remember it being claimed decades ago by Constantine Mitsotakis. Well, this dream is now becoming a tangible reality for the whole of Crete. The way has been cleared for the road we have always wanted. And in a few years our whole island will be united, so that everyone can move safely from one end of the island to the other.As I was landing I could see in the background the major works that are being done at the new airport in Kastelli. The largest open construction site in the country today. More than 20% is already completed. It will be delivered on time but the studies for the development of the old airport, the "Nikos Kazantzakis" airport, will also proceed. We will be ready at the time of relocation to return this very important area back to the society of Heraklion. It will not take us 18 years, as it did at Elliniko, to develop the old airport.I cannot fail to mention the upgrading of the port. We still haven't seen what the port of Heraklion can offer.

But I want to say a few words about the interconnection with the Peloponnese, with the small and the big interconnection which will relieve us -Linoperamata, Atherinolakko, plants that burn polluting oil will be replaced by new energy production, by the sun and by the wind.I could mention the new wings in Venizelio that were delivered. The renovation of the University Hospital that is underway. The new courthouse in the city.The new student residences for our youth and for those who choose Crete as a study destination. Thousands of new student halls of residence will be built so that you will have access to very cheap accommodation.The GOP was again the big winner of the student elections and we thank our youth, ONNED and the GOP, who always set this nice tone at all our meetings.

Many things are happening in Crete and in the field of culture: the redevelopment of the archaeological site of Phaistos and of course let's not forget that the new regional programme, the new CIP, is increased by 150 million compared to the previous one - 565 million in total from this financial resource alone for the Crete of the future.But we have discussed all this in detail, because as you remember we were here again for the presentation of the development programme of Crete. 480 projects of EUR 7.7 billion. Today, I do not want to talk to you about them; you should know that this is one of the largest development programmes in the whole country, so that we can make Crete a true champion of growth and social cohesion.

But, today, I am not here to talk in detail about these things, you know, I am here more to talk about the bets of the future, but I am here to talk about our mistakes, about the failures that must become successes, because I will be the first to say that despite the great progress we have made, friends, not everything is as we wanted.The economy, for example, has done very well. Yes, we are one step closer to the investment tier, which is extremely important because it will be able to provide all businesses, all households, with cheaper borrowing costs. But I am well aware, I am constantly told, especially by our young people, that wages remain low and are being nibbled away by the inexactitude.

I also know that the National Health System withstood the pandemic. We have today, mind you, twice as many intensive care units as we had three years ago. We have recruited 18,000 new doctors and nurses, and overall with the retirements the strength of the NHS has increased by 7,000. But we still have staff shortages, we have cots, we have long delays in operations; the same in the state. The gov.gr has abolished the old queues and it is a great success of our government. The NFKA, at last, is issuing pensions in two months and not in two and three years. But recent tragedies have shown that much still needs to change.But also for our education, for young children, who are now in the public university, they need to know that their degrees have impact and they are being led to a profession that will eventually lead them to better incomes.So these weaknesses of the first four years become priorities for the second, so that all the old experiences are united with new expectations, in this New Democracy's governance programme. We are presenting our programme, and we are not ashamed to talk about its costing. We do not hide it carefully, it is here. And we put it to the judgment of any independent analyst to assess whether it really costs 9 billion as we say it does.

It is divided into five chapters, as its title suggests, for a productive, social, just, digital and green Greece. I say this at every opportunity, green environmentally, because Greece will be blue and Crete will be blue after the elections on 21 May, but above all, a strong Greece. My first goal, especially when I see young people who are struggling for their future, is better wages. Four years ago I looked you in the eye and told you that my first priority is to reduce taxes and contributions. I look you in the eye again and I tell you that the next four years will be the four years of better pay for all and for all. For civil servants, for private employees; with an average salary of 1,500 euros, with a minimum wage of 950 euros. Increased pay scale for the public sector, additional, tax-free 1,000 euros for families with children. Presumption of living - our fellow citizens often tell me this, how unfair the presumptions are - we will reduce them by 30%. We will reduce social security contributions even further and we will gradually abolish the last of the memorandum taxes, which is the business tax.

And while we are on the subject of wages, friends, ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, I cannot refrain from making a comment on the Collective Labour Agreement, which was signed in the tourism sector here in Crete, and which was deemed extendable by decision of the Ministry of Labour. A newly hired receptionist with no particular experience receives EUR 925, 20% above the minimum wage. This is the way, after all, to increase wages in our country, with more growth, with more private investment, with more public investment; what we are saying is already being put into practice. You know that in tourism there is a demand for skilled staff and this is pushing up wages. And my targets for tourism are ambitious. We can reach 30 billion in annual tourism revenues by 2030 and the big winners from this tourism boom will be our Crete.

For social Greece I have two priorities. I am glad that today we have with us the leader of the State Electoral Committee, Irini Agapidaki. She has quietly put up a great fight for the National Health System, for public health.We know very well that despite the steps that have been taken in the National Health System, we have to make leaps and bounds in the next four years. We cannot have patients still suffering in corridors, waiting five and six months for an operation. We will rebuild the emergency departments in all major hospitals. We will radically modernise 156 health centres with resources from the Recovery Fund and permanently recruit 10,000 staff to the NHS, primarily nurses but also doctors.We will reduce waiting times by 50%. We will develop telemedicine and primary care and put even more emphasis on preventive examinations. Because what we can prevent we will cure much more effectively if we detect the disease earlier.Unfortunately, here in Crete, although we should be in the heart of the island with the Mediterranean diet, we have gone a little bit off the beaten track in our eating habits, so sometimes it is good to prevent the disease before it knocks on our door.For the women who are with us. 130,000 women have already been screened for breast cancer. 7,000 have been identified with early breast cancer. They will get well, because when breast cancer is detected early, it can be cured. That's prevention in action, that's public health before the hospital.

For our education, I am sure that we will have among us some of our 25,000 teachers who have been hired permanently to serve the needs of our education.We will hire 4,000 more this year, we will significantly increase the number of experimental schools, model schools, we will link our universities even more closely to the needs of the labour market.I want these children, especially the children who are studying in the excellent universities of Crete, to know that the next day their degree will have an impact and that their universities will be a place of knowledge, not a place of violence. For we are 'with the libraries, not the sledgehammers'. And why ONNED has always, historically, fought for open and safe universities.

For young kids, we have an answer to the question that I am almost always asked by youth everywhere I go, all over the country: "how to own my own home, how to get out of rent, how owning a home is not a pipe dream. "The "My Home" program is already a huge success. 20,000 young, young couples can own their own home by repaying a favourable loan with instalments less than a rent. It is a very important initiative. Social counterpart will follow. Just think how much public land we have that is completely underutilised. We can build apartments, a portion kept by developers, the rest made available to young people. We would give cheap housing to over 100,000 young people and young couples.

When we talk about a just Greece, my mind goes not only to justice and the need for it to be administered more quickly, it goes first and foremost to the weakest.You know, our party is the great popular party of our country, the party that always stands by the weakest. We are the party of the social market economy and the party that knows that in a free economy there will always be fellow citizens who are left behind and need the support of the state.We have introduced the minimum guaranteed income, we are increasing it by 8% and I am very happy because the platform for the Personal Assistant has already been opened throughout the country. 2,000 of our fellow citizens with disabilities will finally have a person by their side who can help them in their work, in their personal life.It is a commitment, you know, that I have undertaken, the strategy for people with disabilities. I feel the need to say it here today: when we came to power there was not really a single strategy for people with disabilities; we have developed it and we have done a lot of things, which the disability movement recognises. And I am not just talking about the increases in disability benefits. It was an obligation that I undertook in memory of my mother, Marika Mitsotakis, who fought so hard to ensure that we finally treat people with disabilities as equal citizens and not as citizens of a lesser god.

And of course, for our Public, I'll just say one word to you. The digital state will expand everywhere. And for human resources, keep two words that are my non-negotiable priority: evaluation everywhere. I repeat, evaluation everywhere. So that performance is rewarded and weaknesses are cured.

I spoke just now about energy and the need to be able to produce our own energy. Not to be dependent on gas imports. We paid seven billion last year in gas imports alone. Think about how much cheaper and environmentally friendly it is to produce our own energy from the sun and wind.How much more widely accepted are a number of Department of Energy programs that ultimately reduce energy costs for every household. The "Change My Water Heater" program has broken the records. As has 'Save Money'. Why? Because they are programmes that use European resources so that you can reduce your own energy footprint.We will continue with this policy.

And, of course, we will continue to protect the environment. Reforest our mountains. To resolve the outstanding issues from the past in relation to waste management. We have an obligation in our Crete to preserve and protect this unique natural and cultural environment which nature and our predecessors bequeathed to us and which is ultimately our great comparative advantage.

Finally, for a strong Greece, we have many answers. Not only the fence, but also my unequivocal commitment that the arms programmes that we launched in the last four years will continue and will be completed. And Greece will always have a strong deterrent against anyone who covets its sovereignty and sovereign rights.And a word about the police. Only the digital state and the simplification of procedures will allow us to free almost 5,000 police officers from bureaucratic and office jobs, to return to the neighbourhoods, close to the citizen, and to consolidate the feeling of security everywhere. Across the country.

These five Greeks that I envision, friends, can become reality, just as the ambitious goals we set in 2019 have become reality. I asked you in 2019 to sign a truth agreement. I have kept it on my part, and consistency of words and deeds is the hallmark of this truth contract that we are called upon to renew today.I think that, in the end, this is our biggest difference from our opponents, of whom I speak little as we approach the elections. They seem to be constantly concerned about what I am doing, they only talk about Mitsotakis and I only talk about the future. That is the difference between us.I have said many times that I prefer comparison to conflict with them. To compare their past, the closed banks, the taxes, the pensioners to remember the Katrougalos law and send the bill. Let them send the bill to the one who cut pensions and compare our own reductions, our pay rises, but let us also measure the present, with those who are still making false promises today, with those of us who are presenting costed commitments. 83 billion in benefits, they don't tell us where they will be found, as I said, they refuse to cost their programme, and that is why Mr Tsipras whistles indifferently every time we ask for his programme to be costed by an independent body, because he knows very well that our proposals, look, they are not just our proposals, they have been submitted to Europe, they are part of the medium-term programme, they are evaluated by the European Commission. His own lies have been cut out of the money tree again, they are just words without a single number, "the big words are lies", as the song goes.

There is, however, something else very characteristic. In SYRIZA's programme, which it calls a plan, one word is repeated 36 times. The word "abolition". It is the best proof that he ultimately wants to demolish everything that the Greeks have painstakingly built so that we can return to his ruins. Just like four years ago, the only word we heard from the opposition was 'no'. No to everything, yes to nothing; Greeks, Cretans and Cretans will not do them any favours. Mr Tsipras will be left alone again, sunk in his hypocrisy.Proclaiming everywhere, what? I was looking at the posters again: "Justice everywhere". A justice who underestimates intelligence when he has the 13-0 convict in the Special Court, Mr. Pappas, next to him. Justice only when the judiciary makes good decisions for him, but when the decisions are reversed, then we are talking about political persecution and not justice.

Just as they underestimate the intelligence of the Greeks, his half-truths about the Evros fence, which he fought so hard for both inside and outside the border.I do not forget, friends, the difficult days we had last August when the media were suddenly flooded with the story of "little Maria". You remember 'little Maria', who supposedly died, bitten, it is said, by a scorpion. And there was the lashing by Mr Tsipras and the various left-wing media: 'you who do not respect the rights of refugees'.And what did it turn out to be? That "little Maria", to borrow an expression of Mr. Koutsoumbas, was a "muff", was a lie and they didn't even dare to apologize for dragging the country abroad.

In short, friends, on 21 May, yesterday is attempting to threaten today and tomorrow, armed with a trap that we had warned about from the very first moment: the trap of proportional representation. That is why I make it a priority to cancel this trap that leads to ungovernability. With voices that want to turn your euros into 'Demeter' and your deposits into a paperweight. These are views that hover on the surface of half-hearted partnerships of mismatched partners.At the same time, your fellow Heraklionite, Mr Androulakis, says that he does not want the Prime Minister to be the one the people will vote for, but someone "unknown X". He does not reveal him to us. He knows him, but he does not tell us. I am sorry, but Mr Androulakis is looking to the past and has ended up fighting a one-fronted battle against me. And that is exactly where he meets Mr Tsipras.

I'm sorry, but I don't believe that joining forces with SYRIZA is the path that the friends of PASOK want. Because they know very well that together - we may have been in different parties - but together we resisted populism. Together we kept the country in Europe, together we fought the populism of "the upper and lower squares", together we denounced the Novartis plot, together we were vindicated, and ordinary PASOK voters, to be honest, know that today we live better than in 2019. Even if we see the glass half full and they see it half empty, they do not see it empty and broken, as SYRIZA tells them.And they refuse to risk what they have conquered and become a follower of the one who until yesterday was their opponent. Just as the friends of PASOK know that together we joined with some of them in the great current that turned the country's page four years ago.They are worried when they see that with their vote it may - it won't happen, but it may, mathematically there is a possibility - that Mr Tsipras and his company will return out of the window. And so they will think twice and thrice. Their position is not with adventurism, but with responsible patriotism and creative modernization. The one expressed by the broad progressive and patriotic bed of New Democracy.

Frankly, friends, I cannot easily follow this dangerous Babel that exists against the New Democracy. But I do know one thing, one thing I can discern: the precipice to which it could lead us. And I insist on this: we are in an uncertain international environment, facing an unpredictable neighbour. Greece needs a clear horizon on its path and a clear solution in its leadership. Look at the situation in Turkey yesterday. Personally, I know very well, four years I know very well the fluctuations in this relationship. I have handled them in very difficult times. But I have strengthened the armed forces, built alliances, strengthened the economy, and made Greece a pole of geopolitical stability.

So all this is important. We will not vote - I repeat - only on the economy, on health care. We will also vote on foreign policy. Think, on the other hand, of a strong opponent, and here we are staggering along with a weak coalition government, so it is very important who will be at the helm of the country tomorrow. And our message in a week's time must also send a message of dynamism and robustness to the other side of the Aegean, but it must also send a message of robustness to Albania, where some people have got their answer with the victory of our expatriate, Freddy Beleri, in the municipal elections in Himara.I went to Himarra - the first Greek Prime Minister - and made a commitment to the Greek ethnic minority that the motherland will always be close to them. And now it remains for Albania to return to the path of the Rule of Law, with its liberation.

So, to put it differently, the vote on 21 May will be a message of certainty at home, but it will also be a message of strength abroad. I say it and I repeat it, the dilemma of the ballot box is clear: do we go forward or do we go back? Do we want results or do we want to lie again? Do we want better wages and salaries or do we want taxes and cuts again? Do we want borders secure or open to every threat? In short, do we want New Democracy and Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis or Syriza and Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras? We weigh, decide and vote; we have no room for experiments in ungovernability. We have no room for paralysis bargaining. No mistake and no carelessness can be corrected later, which is why I think that the mantra that a friend of mine said to me just before I took the podium is perfectly valid: "from my country I ask the jokes to let go, on the Sunday that comes right to vote".

And this is the right choice for our country, for our Crete, for Greece, for our children, and I ask you to take it everywhere. In the next few days - there are five days left until the elections - you, the traditional fighters of our party, will be the first to take this message to every village, every district, every home. A big thank you to those here, in the difficult elections in Crete - we have been through difficulties here - who kept the party standing and the flags of New Democracy flying high.We have people beside us, but - because, you see, we have become many more - we have people beside us without party blinkers who want a better tomorrow. As I have said, we are a great wave with a party not only of one colour - blue is dominant, but other colours are also coming together in our democratic bed - and this, after all, is what Eleftherios Venizelos taught us: that great liberal breakthroughs are only brought about by great popular rallies.

So from this blessed island, from the birthplace of mythical Europe, I call on you to make our motto a reality, a Greece that moves forward, steadily. We want it, we can achieve it, we will achieve it.So let's go to the struggle, my fellow Cretans, Cretans and Cretans, let's go together. On Sunday morning the ballot boxes will be empty, by the evening they will be flooded with New Democracy ballots.Everything is in our hands. Let us go for the great victory. Fly our flags and our hearts high, higher our country, higher our Crete.Be well, thank you. Let's go together for the great victory.
 