
Not even rain can save him. The mnemonics. I'm glad to see you. It would be nicer in the square. That's all right. We'll be here in a month. It's a marathon for us, for the left. Elections are a pretext. It's a means, not an end in itself. It is our goal and I am really very happy to see us here united frontally all together.We started on day 25. The comrades of popular unity. Non-attached of the left non-attached of the movements who finally all join in this common struggle. It is a great joy after 2015 that our roads have. Reunited. And where? It shows. On their own; they are disengaged by our presence in the electoral struggle, by the fact that they did not like the predictions that the militant, disobedient, disobedient, selfless left will not only not exist in Parliament again, but we will use it. The electoral process with one election, two elections, three elections, 300 elections. We are not interested in building the great left, the great selfless left. Non-compromising left that this people need. And which really is the nightmare. Of the oligarchy's power brokers. It is. These are important days because we are all the losers of the referendum, the defeated. Invincible losers.

When our own faction. Took that magnificent OXI of the Greek people's resistance and overturned it. To come together again. To give the people breath again. And to do it again as we do it again as day 25 alliance for rupture to believe that the political parliamentary process can lead again. In a vision of government, comrades, fellow travellers, friends, we do not. We will settle for a 3, 4, 5, 6%. Our goal is to create the prospect of subversion and reversal. It means taking power into the hands of the people, not ours; that is the stakes for us. It is a very long road, but it will be a very, very beautiful road and I look forward to walking it together all together starting from Kalamata tonight.

And know that after the elections, when we have proven that we are here for the people, not for the offices. When we have proven that this night has lasted too long and the light is coming, the light of resistance, others will join us. Others who are hesitant will come. Are they still telling you now what they will do in coalition with Tsipras? No, we will not join the government with Tsipras. We know that, but there are some who don't know it yet. I can't believe he's telling you, he can't some ministry will lure them, he won't lure us ministry Here you are here, I am. There is no possibility of us getting into a race for ministerial cars, for posts and for this game of so-called realism. The only realism is resistance until a governmental perspective for disobedience, for insubordination is created.

Our movement, which should give power to those who do not have it. Who are the many? The overwhelming majority because what we have is certainly not a democracy. It is very, very good that we can speak without being booed. It's too good that we can vote; it's too good, they have generations. Sacrificed to have the right to this process of bourgeois democracy, but it is not democracy. Democracy means. To be able the majority to rule for themselves and not to be in the state. Of complete occupation and dependencies on foreign and local oligarchic interests. In this struggle. Which struggle is it? In the Peloponnese, in Greece, in Europe, we have here comrades from Berlin who have come today to support us in the context of the progressive international, whether it is in Brazil or in Nigeria, whether it is in Germany itself or in the whole of Africa. We. We know how to fight the struggle in parallel. In our village, in our neighborhood, in our city and in the whole planet at the same time. Because that's what a leftist means. That's what it means to be a patriot to be an internationalist.

In this context I want to welcome. The internationalists, the patriots. The international 3 patriots who in this village in this city. In this district you will fight the fight. I have my card so I don't make any mistakes. Petroulla Dulami. Our Petroulla. I know her, Dora Theodoropoulou. Get upstairs. Usual suspects for day 25. George Kanellis. George. Vassilis Kyvelos. Hello, Vassilis. Maria Mitsi. Is Jason Bakas with us or not? He's not with us, Bakas will be. And Yiota Christopoulou, Yiota, Panagiota Christopoulou. Here these are our people in Messinia, it's a difficult region of Messinia, who wants to learn from the younger of you. What did it mean to be a leftist in this region? Let him read the Dead Division, the first and second volumes to see why the region is so far right, why the Leftists were wiped out in 1949 from this region from Messinia, from Sparta in general from the Peloponnese. Heroes, the Leftists who remained correct and even more heroes when after the great victory of the people on 05/07/2015 and after the capitulation of our own party. Again in the struggle, because every generation anyway. Again this is a message to the young people. We were the new generation doomed, like the previous generations, to fight the same fight again and again and again the same fight. That is how history goes forward. Thank you very much for a very good fight.

Elections. Every election process. It raises a big question. Depending on the times, one was 1981, one was 1991, one was 2010 11. 12 those 3 elections were held together. Today let me. I am conveying to you my assessment of what is the key question and I am not talking now about us we know. We know what our goal is, we know what our analysis is, but for the people out there. The big question that I would ask someone or someone who is not affiliated with a party, who may not even consider voting for us. And. looking for what to throw on the ballot box?What I would say to them is this. There are 2 narratives. For our country there are 2 narratives in our country right now. The dominant narratives. One is. That. This country is sustainable. This society is viable, with its problems, with its difficulties. It has a European framework, that's what the channels and the media are saying. The parties of the mendicant parties; it has some agreements and commitments in Brussels in NATO. In the global power structure, but. We are no longer under the memoranda, that's not what they say. And within that European and American-driven they say it globally. Framework. It's in our hands in the hands of the Greek parliamentary process of the institutions of our state, whether it's the government, whether it's the ADAE, whether it's the courts of the institutions, our own. Shall we get our act together? Let's pull ourselves together; and let's do well. That is the dominant narrative.

There is also our own narrative. It's not just our narrative, it's the guerrilla narrative. It's also the KKE's, it's also non-aligned. The one the networks call antisystemic. That's a long conversation. This characterization of our narrative is that this country is not sustainable. In this context. In which we have been placed. The meme-centric governments. This country is simply not sustainable. It doesn't even matter everyone. And all with one voice. Without any differentiation or conflict between us, all united. To lift this country up within this framework that our governments have agreed to since 2010. This country will be deserted with mathematical precision. It's not just the national debt. Which of course it is. It's the building material of which the prison, the debt prison that Greece is living in, has been built. Let me remind you that I have seen some young people who. No reason to remember that two thousand 10 in 2010 Greece went bankrupt because we had an income of 220. And to debt 300 and we went bankrupt. And we saw what happened to us over the years. 300 debt 220 income today. 192. Instead of 220. Equal, 400 this year. If we were failures in 2010, what are we now, the networks will tell you as a staicurus. Tsakalotos. They don't need to mention PASOK, it's not interesting. This PASOK, this gang called PASOK still. They tell us, yes, but our debt has been adjusted so that the payments are bearable; it is true, they have adjusted it this year they will pay relatively much less than we are required to pay in 2015 to the lenders though. Friends. This arrangement can in 5 minutes be changed. This regulation is. With conditions. At any time the lenders until 2060. Read the memorandum signed in August 2018 by Alexis Tsipras and Euclid Tsakalotos, the fourth memorandum, which of course they called it an exit from the memorandum. Because, as George Orwell explained in his 1984 novel, a truly authoritarian regime reverses the meaning of words.
You call what is the worst fourth, longest memorandum a post-memorandum, exit from the memorandum and it immediately becomes much more palatable. That's the principle of Goebbels' propaganda. You reverse the truth, create a huge lie and repeat it over and over again. That's what they do. But if you see. The details of this deal. Which is until 2060 the fourth memorandum, you'll see it's clear. The payments remain relatively small, not that they are small; relatively small. Provided. We keep to the terms. In other words. If you go to reduce VAT? Which in Greece is 24%, when in Germany it's 10.9%. And when in the midst of a pandemic Merkel fevered VAT from 24 and went from 19 and went to 16. I had asked our Finance Minister, then of Staikura saw we do it and we guys this does not let us? What do you think the poet meant? They do not leave us a condition to have a relatively small instalment this year We cannot do what we want to do, that is to be a sovereign country, to choose the VAT, which is compatible with the sustainability of the country. In other words, the debt remains; the weapon with which foreign lenders. Frankfurt, Brussels, Berlin, Berlin, Washington The weapon with which foreign lenders. Do not allow us to pursue policies that would be compatible with Greece's sustainability. This is the public debt, we know it.

They will never get their money back. When they gave us 110 billion in 2010, first memorandum, 130 billion in the second memorandum, 86 billion in the third memorandum, in the fourth memorandum they basically took away 110 more in August 18 They didn't give us money, what are they doing? They suspended payments. It doesn't matter if you owe money. They either give you more money to pay back or they suspend payments. it's the same thing. It was a memorandum loan. All of this is on the basis of what we in day 25 have always called debt servitude. Which according to our manifesto When we were founded in 2018 we said debt serfdom, because it's a problem because it leads to desertification The reason our children are leaving is that. They are joining a debt prison and it's not just the national debt. What happened in 2018 17 18 with the fourth memorandum. It was, something that will go down in history. Of international capitalism as an incredible first. look, remember in 2010 11 12 13 pretty much everybody was losing except for Sallas of Piraeus and some other crows who had a chunk of the memorandum loans going into their pockets, but even the bourgeoisie. Who had property in Kifissia of Athens in Kolonaki, even they may have had property, apartments, villas, bad they had no money, they had no cash, they were in trouble, they couldn't rent, they could sell. They lost almost all 99% of the Greek people from 2010 to 2017 18 they lost. From 2018 onwards they found ways of 20% of the Greek people. The occupiers, the oligarchs and their employees I'll put it simply. All of these sectors of activity, whether business consultants, were the brokers. The film law firms involved in PPPs in all these parties of the memorandum process. That 20%. It's doing better from 2018 to date than it ever has. That's why they applaud the troika that's why they applaud. Any government that passes these memorandums that desertify our country and our people, our young people; abroad.

And how did they do it? What they did, they built industries and exploited workers with investments with machine nonsense. Private debt. A source of unbelievable wealth, because. It's red. When a fund comes in. And it takes it away. Your loan that you can't pay back anymore because of the crisis. It's a loan of 100,000 in it takes for 3. He's putting your house under the hammer, the store. For 50. Think about it. He's got three grand and he's got 47. In what country in the world are there profit margins like that? They don't exist in Silicon Valley, and you know it. A profit margin of over 10 23% is considered unheard of. Here, to calculate the percentage, they laid 3 eggs 47. Obviously, stockbrokers around the world are listening to Greece. Mitsotakis, Tsipras and applaud such rates of obscenity are nowhere to be found in Africa or in the Congo, where they go and condemn the people to civil war in order to take away their cobalt and copper. All these Metals they take from them don't have such profit rates there either. At least there they produce there and something here they come and have profit rates without producing from bankruptcy. Of households from the bankruptcy of the small and medium sized businesses.

This Hercules market. Where they are bought and sold.Digitally, like a stock exchange that is bought and sold. The pain. The pain of the households, the pain of the small shops. Crafts. This hercules. I insist it's the world's first, it didn't start here. First they had a dress rehearsal and it's no coincidence that I use an Italian expression in Italy. They built Hercules legally with all the institutional framework in Frankfurt and applied it in Italy on a small scale, small scale and since it was there, usually Greece is the dystopian laboratory for all these things.It was Italy with a much smaller number of red loans, it failed. The system there doesn't matter. The goal was never to succeed. The goal was to eat. And then they brought it here because here we have the highest percentage of red loans in the world. Do you know that? That we have the highest percentage of red loans in the world, we're the champion, like we had the harshest austerity in the human history of capitalism. We had the biggest loans, no. As a percentage of GDP in absolute terms, the memorandum loans were the largest loans ever made to any state by any state. So that's how we have the largest percentage of red loans. In history worldwide today yesterday the day before yesterday 30 years ago. These red loans. Essentially the banks have written them off. They've been backed by the European Central Bank. Do you know that when you're here?
There was no chance of getting a loan for your business from a bank, so for the last four years. Do you know that the Central Bank has lent our four banks 52 billion? To lend to the small and medium enterprises. They didn't even lend 1 euro. Do you know what they did? They kept it in the account held by the National Bank, the Eurobank, Piraeus or alpha, unlike you and us. We do not have an account with the European Central Bank. They gave them the 52 billion and they kept it. In Frankfurt and you know what happened? Because they gave it to them at an interest rate of -0.9% he knows what -0.9% means. It's like paying you to borrow money. That means negative interest. Fine they gave them money and they put an extra 0.9% on it because they borrowed it not because it was savings. Right? They kept it there, they got billions. They were supposed to give it to them so cheaply, at a negative rate. It's like giving you a potato and paying you to take it with the intention of giving it to someone else who needs it, to eat the potato. The middle class was not lent anything, they were eaten by the bankers and at the same time they set up predatory funds together with politicians, together with foreign oligarchs. Based in delaware, jersey. And a bank account in Kaman Island they spent. Your loans to these funds put your homes and cell phones and stores up for auction.And the profits in the Kayman Islands. To put it simply 70 billion and counting. They will leave Greece and go to the Kayman Islands in these accounts where they will never pay any target and no interest and no tax. This system that they've been working on for so many years. In Frankfurt they took it to Italy, they brought it here, it's called Hercules, my friends, compañeras and compañeros, it's called Hercules, right? If it is not abolished. This Hercules market does not save either the first basic houses or the small shops.

When Tsipras says that he will protect the first home and he presents a plan, which sounds very complicated. But we know about complicated plans and we have read it. Do you know what this plan does? I will tell you remember the 100,000 loan that takes 3 and sells 50. What is the great innovation of the Syriza plan that it says the loan will be cut, it says by 50% and then the process will be done. And not be like giving aspirin to the dead. It does no harm. But it doesn't help. Why did the fund wait until it got 100,000? By buying the 100,000 loan, not 50 it wanted to get. Syriza what does it ensure him?In the context of the protection offered by the radical left in many quotes to the borrower.

This Hercules system is a. A magic goose that spins golden eggs for the coffers. To be considered today by the channels of misery. The oligarchy. The means of mass deception to be taken seriously, Why don't you say crazy things? Have you heard what they say about us? You must promise not to touch that goose that lays the golden eggs for the oligarchy. If you say you will touch it as we say with the Ulysses system that creates a public company to manage red loans, go the loans there is no auction, you stay in, you pay a fee. To freeze your loan. 1/6 of your citizen disposable income and if it's below a certain level your income you pay no fee and you stay there in perpetuity without getting kicked out without getting shut down. It's a shop. That's the public red loan management company; red loans and when at some point. You sell it because the market has gone up, you keep the percentage that's already paid off over the years? And you sort it out. That's the solution, it's really technocratically structured. We've even filed a bill. In December 2000 2020 in Parliament no one dared to criticize, no one dared to criticize our Ulysses, with whom we will replace Hercules. What they are doing is demonizing. He will close the banks. He's a narcissist. You tell them, guys, what are we going to do with Hercules? Varoufakis is a narcissist, guys, what are we going to do with the predatory funds that we will have and you know we have guaranteed them 22 billion 23 If they don't get a minimum of 23 billion out I told you 70 we have guaranteed them 23 we will give them 23 from what money from what money we don't have we will borrow again from the predators to give to the predators? When we say that, the answer, you know, is that Varoufakis was recording the Eurogroups. He is not credible. So we are honoured and proud of their hatred, the hatred of the troika, of Schäuble, of Gollum, of the European Central Bank, of Lagarde, of Draghi. Mitsotakis and Tsipras we love their hate, we want their hate, if they didn't hate and try to change the debate, then we would have an existential problem. We would be in agony.

We have to move on. That goose? With the golden eggs. Socialize it, nationalize it, lay golden eggs for the Greek people. But she's not the only magic goose we have to squeeze out of the oligarchs. There is also the energy exchange. It doesn't sound too technocratic. You're listening to the New York Stock Exchange. London Stock Exchange, derivatives exchange, commodities exchange in Chicago. Energy exchange would be nice, huh. Look. In a country where 2/3 of the Greek people have been burned by the stock market. Remember the one they call a scandal?Talking about a stock market and trying to force the Greek people to say it's a good idea. But it takes some nerve, but they have succeeded because they have the channels of mass deception. What is an energy exchange? Let me tell you what. It is something worse than neoliberalism. Let me explain. Who was the high priestess of neoliberalism? The first teacher, remember Margaret Thatcher. What did she say then about energy? I'll talk specifically which was the neoliberal viewpoint I say and you know it sounded. Persuasive at the time not to us on the left, but to the general public and that's why she was winning election after election. It was saying, why you guys? I, who am the prime minister and I am a politician, to choose through the public utility what the price of electricity will be? Why me? I know better. I don't want to be the prime minister and I don't want it to be me or the director I have put in the PPC to choose. Here's what we're going to do. How much is the kilowatt hour? It's 100 euros now, isn't it? Well, look what we'll do. We'll privatize the electricity, we'll leave a lot of people. We'll let private people come in and generate electricity. We'll break the existing PPC into pieces, they'll take what pieces there are and others will come in and build new power plants.
We will put the 100 € you are paying now, we will put a ceiling on it. We will say 100 is today the price should never exceed 100. So the people have nothing to lose from privatisation. If the competition between the private parties brings the price down below 100, we will win. That is liberalism. The state puts in. A cap and competition down. That's Thatcherism. To see that SYRIZA in 2018. My friend, my former friend and my brother from university George Stathakis who was a minister at the time. Do you remember the fiery speeches he made on TV that the energy exchange would bring us cheaper electricity? He was much further to the right than Thatcher. Thatcher they see and competition will push them further down. The price for every kilowatt hour. Here they put a cap. Is there a rule? There's a cap on the energy exchange price, not the market. The exchange being the market. Yes, but you don't need to know much about stock exchanges, about finance and economics. Little mind to know that a stock market like a farmers' market to make a farmers' market work requires a lot of citizens? If a man sells tomatoes, he has a monopoly. He can sell anything he wants. If he has 50 people selling tomatoes, okay, one of them will lower the price to get customers from the other and the price will be relatively low in the farmers' market. The same is true in the stock market. But there must be thousands of players, or at least hundreds of players, in a stock exchange. The Greek energy stock exchange has 5. Latsis, Vardinoyannis, Mytilineos, Peristeri. So did the voting of a London hedgefund that took our PPC. A stock exchange with 5 is not a stock exchange, it's a coffee shop. Not even Kalamata's. Kyparissia. Fewer people in this coffee shop are among the horde of oligarchs, the ones I mentioned and they say, guys, what to put the price on them today without a limit, without a cap, not even the Thatcherite cap. Do you know what those who judge know; that you will not be brought to your knees so much tomorrow? That you will either rise up against them to take their head. So either you can't buy electricity tomorrow. They put the price where they think they can achieve the maximum looting of Greek men and women consumers. These are the principles of the system. What we say is abolish the energy exchange. A cap. A maximum of 5% above the average cost of production. Is it so hard to imagine a human being saying that?
Varoufakis. He was recording the Eurogroup. We can't listen to him, he's unreliable. Will he close the banks the same story? He eats children for breakfast. He killed Ioannis Kapodistrias. He gave Mitsotakis the idea for the €100 fine. That's the talk.That's the talk, he's wearing weird shirts now I've been banned by the dandy and look how I am. I'm even more boring now, aren't I?

This is the second one. We will nationalise the golden goose, we will rebuild the single public PPP with a target. Green renewable energy. Overproduction. Electricity from floating wind turbines in the Aegean. Any surplus electricity will be converted into green hydrogen, which will be the gold of the future, and that's how you marry the system. And where do the values and revenues come from that will support the national health care system, education, public, social security, the basic income that we advocate as liberating from dependence on any employer?And where do the values and revenues come from that will support the national health care system, education, public, social security, the basic income that we advocate as liberating from dependence on any employer? From any political leadership.

There is a third goose that they have set up to lay the golden eggs for the oligarchy called the Superfund. Superfund. In English. They ask us about the executioner's will and in the executioner's will in what other country in Europe does it say it has been implemented; implemented? They don't ask us? You don't tell me in which other European country has the Superfund been implemented? In what other country in the world is there a super fund? None. Are you aware that we are pioneers in this too? Do you know what a super fund is? You create a fund and put all the public property in it, whatever is left, because it has not been sold. It already puts in all the public property and gives it to the lenders, to the foreigners. This, not even the Wehrmacht achieved. The Wehrmacht didn't achieve that. The British Empire in India didn't achieve that. They have achieved it here; by signing a coalition government of the Radical Left with a democratic and radically leftist legitimacy. We realize this. When we talk about capitulation. That night of 05/07 we are not talking theoretically. We are talking in practice. A country that has given all its property to foreigners. Without occupation. At least military occupation, we have occupation, we don't have military occupation, but at this moment you should know that Hitler, if he was somewhere and he was watching, would say what an idiot I was, they have achieved everything without the Wehrmacht. Let's go. We sent some representatives. And through their mass deception media and the local oligarchs, we got what we wanted, we got the airports, we got the trains, we got the ports, we got. Their loans, which they made, we made because they are bankrupt, to milk it for us. We have to admit them. It is I could not imagine such a plan to plunder a people, nor would I even try to get paid. Think of a plan of plunder, so sophisticated the Super Fund. We will abolish it. That goose with the golden eggs. Of foreign and local oligarchs, because Latsis got the Greek from where?All these people and so on. What are they doing? They have fallen. With claws and claws on the Superfund with the permission of the lenders, together with their partners. We'll abolish the public property. We're not taking it to the Treasury. We will take it to the new development bank to be the capital base of the new public development bank of the country. Do they listen to this and what do they say, Varoufakis was recording the yurogroups, don't listen to him? They have not been done anywhere in Europe of course they have not been done anywhere. In Europe there has never been a super fund in Europe. No country, not even its ruling class, has accepted to be humiliated to such an extent.

And of course, when you have these three sacred geese, when you have the debt serfdom. With the national debt the complete dependency. A dependency of which there are many. You arrive in a city in the country, for example? Let's say it's called Kalamata and you take a squadron of the air force and give it to the Israeli air force to train Turks and Israelis in. Types of warfare that certainly have nothing to do with arming our country and our national independence. You have a country that. There's a war going on right next to us. And instead of intervening? As we have an internationalist duty, first of all to condemn the invader, I've been out, I've got a hair on my tongue condemning Putin. At the same time at the same time. To demand an immediate ceasefire and the return of troops from all sides. To their camps, thirdly, suggest. The way in which this peace process will be conducted here, what do we have? Do you have a SYRIZA? Whose leader has accepted the thanks, not only of Latsis. But also of a Mr. Pyatt. You remember Mr. Pyatt was the United States Ambassador here until relatively recently, until Mr. Tsunis. Whoever Pawat. When he left Greece, he formally thanked, he was no longer Prime Minister Tsipras Mr. Tsipras because he says he showed me Alexandroupolis as a very good base for the U.S. military. That has never been done before. Until now, that is, since 1946, when the colonial baton passed from Britain to the United States and the United States took over. And we moved on. Into the second part of the civil war, under; the Americans since then the Americans have been coming in and saying, this is what I want. I want this and I want this and I want that. There was no chance that he didn't want something and a Greek prime minister would go and say you know what? This is very, very good. Take it and that something is Alexandroupolis. Do you know we have 120 flights every day? With war material we don't know, the flights are dark. They come, service takes off. We don't know where they're going, what they're carrying. They certainly don't carry. The message. To Putin on one side and to Gelensky on the other side, that it's time to stop killing Ukrainians, it's time to kill, no more killing Russians. It is time to stop pushing things into a nuclear war, to stop adding fuel to the fire of a new Cold War between China and the United States. How can there be a proud independent national policy?When we go and give them Alexandroupolis in the name of the Left. And we certainly put it in the sights of nuclear warheads. Both on one side and the other.

Friends, fellow travellers, compañeras and comrades. We say break for the first time. Because there has never been a rupture before to those who say to you, but what have we tried the 15-month rupture, you guys, and it didn't work? It's impossible to try something again when you haven't tried it. Previously the 15 hasn't, there hasn't been a rupture some of us were working on the rupture. Some of us were speaking the language of the breach. We were killing ourselves working on the eurogroup and the recording was part of the rupture. Because inside the Eurogroup but they were saying other things outside and they were saying it inside.
And only when I told them and looked them in the eye and I said I was sorry, but I'm writing it down since you're not keeping a record of it. I will write them down so that you can't say other things outside of what you say inside and then they stopped talking against it too. That was something. That was a small form of a break from a minister alone, as it turned out Mr. Tsipras, he did me a great honour basically the other day he admitted. That. Elsewhere I was in the struggle for the break elsewhere he was. On the road to capitulation. There was no break in 15. Do you know when there would have been a break on the night of the referendum if a brave Prime Minister had come out and said, if you have not opened up the liquidity of the banks by Wednesday lunchtime, we are activating the parallel payment system which is the beginning of the hangman's noose. We are cutting the bonds we owe you. And we are putting in place procedures for our own currency if we have to, then we would have a throwing and then we would see what would happen this was never tried. We. We're not going to do anything. No aggressive move against Brussels. Against Frankfurt, no nothing. We will be elected. And we will legislate our programme. We'll abolish Hercules. We'll abolish, we'll put in Ulysses. Whoever is absolute, by the way. Absolutely enforceable within these flimsy rules of the European Union. Not in line with what the memeonists have signed, but what the memeonists have signed. And I say this clearly and I denounce it. They have nothing to do with European law. They thought it up themselves.

There is no rule of the European Union, no treaty of the European Union that is consistent with these memorandum commitments, they say, we cannot reduce VAT from 24 to 15%. Europe will not let us. Who is Europe? The European treaties are nothing for VAT. They are clear that VAT is a matter for the national government. What are they saying, we are not left by the troika that is supposed to have left and only some obsessed oddballs like Varoufakis continue to say so? We will legislate what we have a duty to do. For the Greek people to breathe a sigh of relief so that this society can become viable again. Now? Between us. If some people come, whether they are from Frankfurt or aliens. and tell us that if you legislate what you have to legislate, we will close your banks. Because you know we don't mince words. We don't mince our words, they closed them down once, I'll close them down. I don't believe it. That they'll necessarily close it again. In fact, I don't think they'll dare to do it again. Especially if we have a truly militant government of the left. But after all, why are we here? All for the euro; or all for the Greeks. We don't. We claim there won't be a cost from such a break. The rupture is no walk in the park. Just as the NO on 28/10/1940 was not a walk in the park, the Greek people believed that saying no would be glorified in history and there would be no cost. The revolt against the colonels at the Polytechnic. The students who did it at the Polytechnic believed that they would be glorified by history at no cost. What does virtue and daring mean? According to Calvo, whatever freedom wants. Cost.

Rupture wants you to be ready to pay in costs and you know what? If you're ready to make the break and the cost is minimized. The only cost that increases forever is the cost of the yesman. That says yes to everything. Who tries to give credentials to Solts to Vardinoyannis, to Latsis, to Turna, to Mytileneus, to Alafouzos and of course today. And look at the channels at Marinakis. We. We look at them and say. Strike. Because as long as you strike, it means we are doing the right thing. First break. Because it's a prerequisite to freeing this country to become a viable country, to not lose the rest of our children. If we say yes to everything all the time as we have been saying for so many years a few will leave a few will become a Kosovo with nice beaches. Whoever goes to Kosovo, what will they see? A country country region say what you want. No youth, only old people. Do they have EURO? You know if you go to Pristina and put your Piraeus National Bank card in an ATM and pull out €50 you will get Euros.Enjoy. Let them enjoy it.

It is not only a prerequisite for the sustainability of the country and for. And for ending desertification the rupture. It is a prerequisite. In order to be able to think. First. a technologically advanced Greece. based on its own technological strengths. gave an example before with green hydrogen. To be able to answer the question of what this country will produce that will be competitive in the global economy, in the global division of labor and. We are not leftists. Because we believe there is a better capitalism. We are leftists because we believe that capitalism produces crises like it produces iphones. From the same production belt and that the more. It fades, or they fade. They make the workers a precariat; they dismantle their labor rights, they reduce wages, they reduce the percentage of the pie that goes to the working class, to the working people, to the small and middle class, to the young, to young women, the bigger the crisis of capitalism, because then there is no money to buy the products that the idle factories produce. This is what it means to be a leftist. Capitalism. It's there. At a stage of fragmentation fragmentation to me it's not even capitalism, it's a new form of feudalism. Which is even digital feudalism. This is a theoretical discussion. It is not for now. We are clearly talking about the technologically advanced self-managed socialism of the future. Only then can everything be done differently, but the first break is the first stage. Of its conviction and programming everything can be otherwise. Thank you very much. Moving on, we have 2 elections, power. Come on over the candidates or candidates or candidates. What?
