Friends, compañeras and compañeros. Tonight, from Larissa, from this great gathering, we send a message of optimism, hope, a message of decisive strengthening of the KKE. Yes, there is no doubt, all the messages from all over Greece say this: that on May 21, our people can make a surprise, bringing the KKE much higher! Our people can turn their backs on the blackmailing dilemmas, they can disable the traps set for them, they can reach the ballot box based on their own needs. There can be no more postponement. This must be done! We must put our own needs first because today, more than ever, what in previous years could be hidden or not seen clearly by some, is now projected before everyone quite clearly...

Our needs do not fit into the system of profit and exploitation that they all serve. And if some people had some illusions, today they have none! For they have lived, we have lived a tragedy here in this place, we have lived a great crime, the crime in Tempe.  'You count profits and damages, we count human lives', thousands of people, thousands of young children, students, pupils and pupils here in Larissa, all over Greece, shouted. Only that this slogan not only shows the real culprits, the causes of the predestined crime in Tempe that cost the lives of 57 people, but also the real cause of what we are living through.

Yes, the government of the Southwest all these four years, counting profits and losses for capital and business groups, that's why it passed one unpopular bill after another, implementing one by one the demands of the monopolies for greater profitability, what they themselves call "a friendly environment for investment"! SYRIZA and PASOK were also counting profits and losses, which is why the former supported 50% of the former and 70% of the latter, the bills of the New Democracy. If today Mitsotakis boasts about high growth rates and more investments, he hides the fact that they have stepped on the crushed labour rights and the squeezing of workers, while he does not say a word about the worrying signs that show that a new crisis is just around the corner.And all those promises he makes about wage increases and tax cuts will be measured with the same yardstick, that of profits!  So he adds: "If and when the fiscal, the strength of the economy allows it", i.e. the profits of the capitalists. May you live to eat clover, that is...

But we measure the needs of the workers! That is why we are stepping forward in the struggle for a real strengthening of wages, which can only be imposed by the workers' movement with its struggle and with a much stronger KKE. That is, to impose the restoration of the collective bargaining of the National General Collective Agreement as a starting point for the increase of the minimum wage, adopting the demands of the trade unions for increases above 850 euros and the simultaneous restoration of the triennial wage. This practically means that a worker with a three-year contract will see his or her salary increase to 935 euros today, not in 2027 as promised by the ND.

Our proposal for wage increases is linked to the other proposals of the KKE for a fixed daily working time, 7-hour, 5-day, 35-hour working hours and no unpaid overtime, with the reintroduction of Sunday-work. It is linked to the proposal for an inflation-based wage adjustment clause. With the restoration of the 13th and 14th salaries in the public sector, about which the Southwest and Syriza say nothing, and the granting of all pay scales. With a strong KKE and mass workers' struggles, we can impose the restoration of the sectoral Collective Labour Agreements and their compulsory nature, without terms and conditions, which is a basic condition for increasing wages in all scales. This is the only pro-people's answer to the lies of the New Democracy, Syriza and PASOK, that the average wage will supposedly increase without repealing the laws that have undermined the Collective Labour Agreements.

Yes, friends, the South-West counted gains and losses during the pandemic years. That is why it left the public health system unarmoured, as was evident here in the hospitals of Larissa, while it continued the further commercialisation of public health by law. SYRIZA did the same, which is why it said "we will settle accounts later" and even called for a minister of health of common approval...

Yes, profits and losses were counted by the New Democracy, promoting the so-called green transition, which is why the people's families are suffering from energy poverty and precision, which of course is not treated with baskets and passes of mockery. Of course, it is not only the New Democracy party that claims the privilege of mockery, but also SYRIZA and PASOK, which share the same strategy. That is why they voted with ND to make energy and fuel taxes permanent. The parties of bourgeois management count profits and losses, which is why their government programmes, one could say, have been written by the same hand.

Just reading the headlines, one understands that despite their quarrels, despite their differences, they can form a government on May 22. So let one of them, Mitsotakis, with his self-reliance, and the other, Tsipras, with his allegedly progressive government, leave the blackmailing dilemmas about ungovernability. And he even has the audacity to call on the KKE "to take responsibility"! We could say a lot but we don't need to... Only what is well known to the workers, the breadwinning farmers and self-employed, the young children and women here in Larissa, in the whole of Thessaly. When SYRIZA, together with ND and PASOK, was counting profits and losses for capital during these four years, we, the KKE, were counting human lives. That is why we went to every workplace, in every town and village, in schools and colleges to organise the struggle of the workers, the people and the youth.We have taken on this great responsibility and we continue on this road with even greater determination, stubbornness and militancy. That is why today more and more people are thinking of supporting and voting for the KKE. Because they now see that a strong KKE means a strong people.

Friends, compañeras and compañeros, Since we are here tonight in Larissa, in the Thessalian plain, we want to address the farmer and livestock farmer who is fighting for survival every day. We invite him to think that the policy implemented successively by all the last governments in our country is responsible for the continuous reduction of his income. Governments that had and still have as their common program the guidelines of the CAP, the interests of business groups.He should think that the New Democracy - Syriza - PASOK together support the one-sided orientation to the export of agricultural products, which benefits the commercial industrialists, while the massive imports add new difficulties to the life of farmers, degrading the quality of basic foodstuffs of the people. Together they voted for the 3rd memorandum, which cut the reimbursement of the special excise duty on agricultural diesel. It is no coincidence that all of them, in the face of the demand for guaranteed prices for products, are advocating the one-way CAP, which is going from bad to worse for the interests of the majority of farmers and, with its current revision (2023-2027), puts new obstacles to your survival. New Democracy - SYRIZA - PASOK together have formed an ELGA that wastes and hardly compensates. Together they have signed up to sanctions on Russia that are ultimately paid for by the farmers and all the people.

In this place, we know each other well. And the farmers and stockbreeders know very well who has been by their side and who has been against and against their interests. Now he can give up and give an account. He can see that precisely because the KKE is not bound by the interests of the big traders, the industrialists and the EU, it can take the lead, be in the struggles, give all its strength together with the farmers and cattle breeders, to reduce the cost of production by tax-free oil, ensuring cheap fertilizers, other raw materials, etc.etc., for guaranteed prices for their products to cover the cost of production and ensure a subsistence income, for the ELGA regulation to be changed to compensate 100% of the production, plant / animal capital from all natural hazards and all diseases, for immediate payment of compensation, for the creation of infrastructure projects and protection of production without charges and fees for the farmer, for the creation of infrastructure projects and protection of production without charges and fees for the farmer, for a change in the ELGA regulation to compensate 100% of the production, plant / animal capital from all natural hazards and all diseases, for immediate payment of compensation, for the creation of infrastructure projects and protection of production without charges and fees for the farmer. All this will be claimed again in the Parliament and outside it, on the street, in the movement, in the struggles, in the blockades, with thousands of poor farmers and thousands of other workers, unions and mass organizations.And as experience shows here in the prefecture of Larissa, the peasantry, if something was won, it was won with its struggle and no government, neither that of the Southwest, nor that of SYRIZA, gave it away. It won it with its unyielding struggles.

Friends, compañeras and compañeros. New Democracy, SYRIZA and PASOK want to count profits for the Greek bourgeoisie, and that is why they are competing with each other to see who will best implement the dangerous plans of the USA and NATO. It is no coincidence that these very issues are absent from the debate between them, from the political debate as a whole. Did you see them arguing about Greece's involvement in the imperialist war in Ukraine? About the so-called defence agreements, which are far from aggressive, which Syriza started and ND completed with the US and we have now reached the point where we have filled bases, ports, airports and other infrastructure in the service of the US and NATO, which are also the target of retaliation? Did you see them arguing today in any panels about the news of the day, highlighted by Rizospastis, namely the Commission's announcements on the transition of the EU countries' - and Greece's - war industry to a "war economy" mode?Nor are you going to see them.

But we insist on prioritising these issues and we - literally and figuratively - count human lives. The workers, the young people of Larissa, of all of Thessaly, who want to live in peace, who are anxious to see the powder of war accumulate and the imperialist confrontation in Ukraine escalate, and who understand the dangers for our country, are also counting their lives. We are addressing all those who not only cannot bear to see other peoples and their lands destroyed, but are also worried by our country's involvement in the imperialist war. To all those who do not tolerate, in silence, the land, air and sea of our country being turned into an American-NATO beachhead for the escalation of military confrontations in Ukraine and elsewhere.

So now is the opportunity to send a message with their vote. To turn their backs on ND, SYRIZA and PASOK who have turned Greece into a base for imperialist war. To turn their backs on those forces that hypocritically talk about "rupture", such as MERA 25, but only create illusions that those who make wars can also impose peace. They should resolutely support the KKE, which, with consistency of words and deeds, fought against the war and the participation of the country in it, at the responsibility of the governments, on the side of the NATO murderers. A fact that turns Larissa, Volos, Alexandroupolis and every corner of our country into a target of the opposite side of the war.Who else revealed to the people their plans and how they are being implemented in every corner of Greece?  Only the KKE!Only the KKE reveals with its action that the wider region of Thessaly plays a key role in the plans of the USA and NATO, with all the last governments having officially turned it into an American-NATO war bridgehead for attacks against other peoples.

Only the KKE reveals that, in Larissa in particular, as a consequence of the "updates" of the despicable Agreement on the bases, the "upgrading" of the city's military installations is proceeding, for the benefit of the dangerous plans of the US in its confrontation with Russia and China.Specifically, US Air Force fighter jets have been in Larissa for months, with their support personnel, to spy on a wider area - including the one in which the imperialist war in Ukraine is unfolding. These are aircraft like the one that crashed after an engagement with a Russian fighter aircraft near Crimea, which warns of the grave consequences of our country's involvement in imperialist interventions and wars. The KKE alone reveals to the people of the region that, at the same time, the Americans are pouring more than $33 million into the airport so that it can accommodate "high-value assets", such as certain aerial refueling aircraft that are often stationed there.

All this at a time when the US-NATO-EU war with Russia and its allies on the territory of Ukraine is escalating, with the possibility of escalation. Already, war conflicts and hot spots of tension are multiplying all over the planet, reinforcing the fact that the whole of Thessaly, our country in general, is becoming a war base at the expense of other peoples and at the same time making our people the victim and target of retaliation by rival imperialist centres.The involvement of our country in the war in Ukraine, in the overall plans of the USA and NATO, not only does not separate ND, SYRIZA, PASOK, but on the contrary, it is the glue for the formation of the next anti-people's government, whoever is first, ND or SYRIZA in the elections. Because ND, SYRIZA and PASOK meet in the goal for the geostrategic upgrading of the country's ruling class, for the transformation of Greece into an "energy hub" in the wider region, serving the interests of capital, the few and creating new dangers.

Not everyone benefits from this goal, of course. It certainly benefits shipowners, energy groups and others, who see their profits increasing from the transport of US LNG and the implementation of new 'green' investments in the name of 'decoupling' from Russian gas. While, at the same time, the people are losing out, not only because they are being asked to pay the "price" with more expensive Energy and deepening energy poverty, but also because all these projects mean additional billions out of their pockets for new armaments that do not have the country's defence as a priority. Proof of the "Patriots" that went to Saudi Arabia and the "Leopards" they are discussing sending to Ukraine. We know that the people of Larissa, of Thessaly, can see that these plans are not a "guarantee" and a "shield" against Turkish aggression, as the government of the Southwest and the other parties mock; just as the NATO British bases in Cyprus were not a guarantee against the Turkish invasion and occupation.

The Thessalian people can reject the arguments for supposedly "strengthening the local economy" due to the presence of foreign military forces! We are talking first of all about money that is stained with the blood of thousands of people who have been killed over the years in Syria, Libya, Iraq, Afghanistan, Yugoslavia, Ukraine and in so many other wars. We are also talking about a "development" that is synonymous with rot, corruption and decadence, leading regions to turn into 1960s Trumps.  As they thought about the Tempis, so they should think about the issue of involvement in US and NATO plans, and reject them. Because yes, we do count human lives!

Friends, compañeras and compañeros. We want from here, from Larissa, which became the epicentre of the unspeakable tragedy with the hundred of young victims in Tempi, from the city whose people and youth honoured the victims in the most shocking way, by flooding streets and squares for two weeks, to send again the message that this people, this youth, does not forget the crime in Tempi. After the slogan, 'SYRIZA, PASOK, ND, this crime has a history', shouted by thousands of workers and young people, today there are more and more people who realise that the policy responsible for this tragedy is the policy that treats critical sectors for people's lives, such as transport and public transport, as a field of profitability for big capital and business groups. Every time, but every time, it turns out that profit and social needs are not compatible. Either the former will be served or the latter.But are these not the obsessions of the KKE, which will say the same thing no matter what happens, as some parrots have written and are writing?But none of them can hide: The special report of the European Court of Auditors on the railways revealed by "Rizospastis" spoke of a delay in the introduction of modern electronic systems in all EU countries! It even said that this delay can be attributed mainly to the reluctance of railway companies to invest in equipment because of the costs involved.

They bluntly admit that the introduction of these systems "implies costly investments without bringing, in general, direct benefits to those who are called upon to bear the costs" and the conclusion of the Committee of Experts appointed by the government says more or less the same.As long as the criterion is the profitability of the conglomerates, the life of the workers, of the people will continue to be played at "dice". The wording of this Conclusion is typical. He writes: "It should be pointed out that the railways are a heavy system, requiring high investment, while at the same time having very low returns on invested capital, which are insufficient to attract the interest of the private sector"!We get it: The tragedy in Tempe has a cause and culprits! It is the policy of the EU and governments to "liberalise" transport, for rail transport - commodity, for the benefit of the profits of business groups.

This unpopular direction, determined by the EU's policy of "liberalisation" and the strategy of capital, is today agreed upon by ND, SYRIZA, PASOK, MERA25, all the parties of the system. That is why we say: There is no room for any more illusions! No one should be trapped again by the offer of phony salvation solutions, by a supposedly "more progressive government" the next day. Neither a better privatisation, nor a supposedly stricter public control, nor a 're-nationalisation without compensation' will save us! As long as transport is a commodity and the railway companies operate within the capitalist economy, the situation cannot be radically, fundamentally changed.

Friends and friends, the cause that led to the Tempi is what the people see before them every day. Thousands of students crammed into unsuitable buildings in the municipality of Larissa are finding it. In total, in the municipality of Larissa, 57 schools are housed in buildings that are characterised as ageing, having been built with little or no seismic specifications.Similarly, in the city of Larissa, the uneven crossings have turned into carmanioles, claiming the lives of many people, such as the crossing in Karla Street next to the 4th EPAL, the crossing at the ATA, the depot of the OSE in Mezourlo, where a few years ago a 15-year-old student was struck by lightning, in the "damaria" of N. Smyrna, where in 2017 a 10-year-old child was swept away and lost his life. The cause is found by hundreds of earthquake victims living in containers, two years after the earthquake of March 3, 2021. Thousands of people who are shaking their foliage in case they get sick find it, as public hospitals are straining with staff and infrastructure shortages. Hundreds of workers who lack essential health and safety conditions in their workplaces.

In Thessaly alone, there are an average of 200 work "accidents" per year. After all, what happened in Tempe happens in all our lives, in our everyday life. A system, a state, a policy, which, in order to serve the interests of the few, of the business groups, is constantly committing crimes against the workers and the people. Sometimes sacrificing our conditions of survival and our income, our rights, our modern needs, sometimes even sacrificing our very lives, as has happened in dozens of cases. The common denominator: their profits! This is how the ground is being paved for the next tragedies, for the next Tempi.

Friends, The tragedy in Tempe has also highlighted a small part of what all those who are projected as "powerful" fear: the enormous power that our people have! Because only the people save the people! And this slogan was proven again from one end of the country to the other!It also showed the momentum, the ingenuity, the willpower of tens of thousands of workers, especially young people, all over Greece, who took to the streets to demand justice for their dead, to make "NEVER AGAIN" their own cause, but also to claim, to fight for all those things that have slowly and painfully filled the cup of anger and indignation for so many years.

The "Never again" that the people and the youth of Larissa shouted, with the participation in the magnificent mobilizations with the new qualitative characteristics that they had, has a ballot paper in the ballot box: The ballot paper with the hammer and sickle of pride and disobedience. The slogans that were shouted in the street, the criterion with which we fought or the criterion with which we rallied in Trade Unions, Unions, can be expressed in the ballot box of the parliamentary elections on May 21, so that there can be political punishment for those who, by defending the system of rot and exploitation, murder the dreams and rights of the youth, of the people's families.

We address especially the youth and those who are voting for the first time and we tell them to remember: when you were taking to the streets by the thousands, SYRIZA was telling you that "this is not the time to take responsibility".  At the same time, the MP25, which, through Mr Varoufakis, at the crucial moment, said 'no anger, no protest, no condemnation at the polls'. The KKE, on the contrary, has the people and the youth for much more than mere spectators of developments, or mere voters every four years. It has them as protagonists, as those who will shape and determine the developments in our country. For those who will take power and, with the KKE in the lead, will exercise governance in a new Greece, different from the one we live in today, free from the bosses, the exploitation of man by man, profit.Well, let's make this fear of theirs their nightmare! And their nightmare a reality! Let the people be powerful, with the KKE much stronger, and they weak, dazed, frightened against it!Only in this way will the road to better days for the new generation, for our people be opened. Their system is afraid of the anti-systemic vote in the KKE, but the new generation is fed up with their system! That's why, now, lots of young red votes! Those young people who are voting for the first time should vote anti-systemic, against the system of profit and exploitation, vote for the KKE.Our people, and especially the young generation, have a great opportunity this year. This time, after the elections, let them be counted and come out fewer! Let us be counted and come out more. Because it is ONLY THEM and we are ALL OF US. KKE is strong then, and in Larissa and in all of Thessaly, in all of Greece!  