Two words about our education. 25,000 hires and another 4,000 to be made this year of permanent staff for the first time in 12 years. And I'm always touched when I see our now permanent regular education staff bringing me their stories.  How they were substitutes and they went from city to city, island to island with absolutely no stability in their professional and personal lives. And how grateful they are now that they can offer their services to education through a permanent and stable position.There is a very important work being done in our schools, friends. From kindergartens now that teach foreign language, new curricula, free zones in our schools that teach interesting things to our children. And of course, another intervention funded by the Recovery Fund: we're going to have 36,000, watch out, interactive whiteboards in every classroom from grade 5 to grade 3, and for those of you who may not have seen how these interactive whiteboards work in practice, I went to a classroom where they were teaching history and physics with an interactive whiteboard. And you had to see the excitement in the eyes of both the kids and the teachers and the teachers for a completely different and experiential experience of what it really means today to make knowledge fun and playful, especially for the younger kids; the emphasis we place on Model and Experimental schools. We have doubled them and will increase them significantly. And of course the emphasis we are putting on our universities, on universities that will be centres of knowledge, that will be safe. We are with libraries, not sledgehammers. Violence and lawlessness have no place in our universities.But for our students who are here, I know how difficult the issue of housing is. Especially for our young kids. For the students who are asked to move city, we are the ones who increased the student rent allowance from 1,000 to 1,500 euros and under certain conditions to 2,000 euros. We will build almost 10,000 student halls of residence so that children can go to another city to study without any financial burden.