For the KKE, however, even one person taking a step counts and makes a difference, not just 1%. Because it is a consciousness that moves forward, it is a person who can stand with those who, through organized, collective struggle, multiply the pockets of resistance and assertion. He is a man who can turn the step of strengthening the KKE into a leap of conscious questioning of the policy that suffocates the people. "He is a man," as Nazim Hikmet wrote, "who is bodied to walk, chained to him," but he "sticks his tongue out at them." Because he chooses to cross over to the opposite camp, he chooses to reinforce the opposing awe. To stand on the side of the working interests and the militant popular opposition. He chooses the KKE. Friends, compañeras, and compañeros, we will go to the polls on Sunday, in every way, with every sacrifice, and we will go with heart, with mind, but also with anger. Our heart beats for all the working people in this country. Those who every day "bleed their minds, bleed their nails, to get the bread of the epicyclic", to use the lyrics of a song by our great music composer Yannis Markopoulos whom we recently bid farewell. Because we are their Party, even if they don't know it, and because everyone is one of us. We don't see working people as pipsqueaks. We do not put any label on them, we do not distinguish them except on the basis of whether they belong to the exploiters or to those who are exploited in today's society. Our own minds, our own thoughts are dedicated to their liberation, the liberation of all of us from the shackles of exploitation. To the overthrow of barbarism and the building of another, just society, the society of socialism. This is, after all, the reason why the KKE exists. And this is also the reason why the KKE is the only party that can make a real, militant, popular opposition, not only to the unpopular government of the South-West, but to the system itself and its power, so that the road to overthrow can finally be opened, so that the people themselves, the workers, can come to power, take the wealth they produce into their hands, so that we can live according to the possibilities of the times. That is why we, as our poet Yannis Ritsos says, "do not sing to separate ourselves from the world, we sing to unite the world". Yes, we don't look at what color the map is painted in each region to step forward, to dedicate our time and all our efforts, to give everything for its people. No communist asked the people in Thessaloniki, for example, what they voted for before diving into the muddy waters to help them clean their homes last Saturday.