That is why the youth will go to the polls on Sunday with heart, mind, and anger. No matter what various people do to push them to abstain, no matter how many obstacles they put in their way, no matter how much they try to steal their vote by recruiting communicators and uploading videos to apps. All they reveal is how far removed they are from their real needs, and they cannot hide the great responsibility they have for the obstacles they put in their lives. No matter what they do, they will never understand what it is like when youthful smiles and youthful optimism adorn the struggles our people are fighting. When the young generation is at the forefront of claiming everything that concerns them. What it is like to meet them on the street, struggling and asserting themselves. What it is like to hear them shouting their just slogans, to see them chained to the workers, becoming one with the labour movement and fighting for their lives. You don't find that on TikTok, you only find it next to the KKE and the KNE. In the real battles, at every turn, where governments and capital are reaching out to the rights of the new generation, that's where we cut their appetite. There we will cut off their hand when they violently reach out to the young generation and their rights. And there are many moments when the youth, alongside the KKE, becomes what we dream of for them: a protagonist in the struggle, with its own unique imprint on developments! The next unpopular government of the New Democracy knows that it will have a youthful current of questioning against it, which will flare up with radical characteristics. It will fight, without being bitten by the dilemmas and blackmails of the bourgeois political system. But we will bring the world to our standards before it brings us to its standards. Because it is in the struggle for better schools for our children, for studies and degrees with value, for work with rights, in the daily struggle, that consciences are built. The proud, disobedient way of life befitting the new generation is developed. The images and moments that are forever engraved in our minds and hearts from the action of the youth in the years that have passed are painted with the red colour of hope. From the great struggle of pupils and students during the pandemic for safe schools and universities, from the cosmic flood in the streets and the overwhelming participation of the youth after the Tempi crime, who did not let the crime be forgotten, who became the voice of all the dead. The optimism and upliftment that was also given to us by the historic first place of the All-Union Students' Union in the student elections after decades, which shattered the Southwest party to second place. The successful blockade that the student youth put up against the university police despite repression and threats. In fact, the cacao that the government got is still blowing and not getting cold. And you today, holding the red flags in your hands, know that you can be proud of what you have achieved. For your action, for the struggles you have fought, for the victories you have brought to the entire movement, for the consciences you have won, for the foundations you have laid and are laying, so that the new generation can be the protagonists of today and tomorrow. Because in the KKE and the KNE we are putting into practice the questioning, we dare to fight for everything that the new generation deserves. That is why the youth in front of the ballot boxes on 25 June has only one choice: JKE. To fill the ballot boxes with red youth votes, bullets in the heart of the system, to make radical questioning and militant demand even stronger. And to give the promise that on the same road, and even more dynamically, it will continue. Friends, compañeras and compañeros, let us, then, in the four days left, make the greatest possible effort. So that not a single vote that could fall to the JKE is lost. So that the great effort that we have been making for so many months will be effective. Everything is now crucial. Those of you who supported the JKE on 21 May must now do so again. Only the vote next Sunday is the one that will finally count and will follow us for four years. And those of you who thought about it and ultimately didn't, but we know full well that the rise of the KKE was the only element of the election result that made you smile, now you have another chance. To smile more, all of us together on Sunday. Because only with a strong KKE, the genuine 100% militant-people's opposition to the self-reliance of capital's policy, to the government of the ND, to the "opposition ministry" of SYRIZA - PASOK and all the parties of the system, becomes stronger. This is the only way to create cracks in the negative correlation. Because the vote for the KKE is not bargained for government chairs in anti-people's governments. It is not mutated, not bought. It is not "quietly" withdrawn, as we have seen happen with so many parties in the past that no one remembers today. Because the KKE has no commitments to the EU and NATO, to the bloody profits of capital. Because a vote for the KKE means a vote for our lives and not for their profits. It translates into conflict, into disobedience to everything that makes us indignant. It means above all hope and optimism that we will succeed. That the people will win. Because the KKE has a programme of power-governance with the people at the helm of power, the real owner of the wealth it produces. Because in today's barbarism there is a way out for the people: And the way out lies in the conflict and the overthrow of the rotten, corrupt system. To build a society with prosperity, social rights, superior civilization. In the lap of our dreams. To the people!