Friends, in closing, I really want to thank you for having a parliamentary presence after years. But I want to ask from the bottom of my heart that you do not give up this effort. I want you to trust me. And I believe that this new era of PASOK, which we have learned from our mistakes and I pledge to you, will not disappoint any Greek man or woman. Our compass is political ethics, our compass is credibility, our compass is respect for people, our compass is respect for the environment, our compass is social justice and national dignity. This was our movement and I ask that in the coming weeks each and every one of you individually take into your hands the struggle for the rebirth of PASOK, for the rebirth of the democratic party. A strong PASOK means a Greece of dignity. A strong PASOK means hope and prospects for all Greeks. Four weeks of struggle and 25 June, you can be sure that together we will once again be at the forefront of great changes. The real opponents of maintenance. The party that Mr Mitsotakis really does not want to face. The party of program, realism, and progress. Fight, a few days and the great victory is near. I also pledge here from Chios that I will do everything in my power on 25 June to ensure that PASOK and every progressive democrat return home so that together we can make a brave new start, for the brave, new change that our country and the Greek people need. Be well. Thank you from the bottom of my heart and rest assured that on 25 June the wind of change will blow from Crete, Macedonia, Chios to Thrace. All Greece united, strong, with PASOK united, strong. PASOK of progress, hope, and perspective. Be well, thank you from the bottom of my heart. Friends, I know very well that we have not held such rallies for years, and because this is the opening rally for the 25th of June, we started here to send a message that PASOK will embrace our whole country and especially our islands, especially our outlying islands. All of Greece as one fist. We want a united people and not a divided people for the benefit of the toxic political situation represented by SYRIZA and New Democracy. Unity among the people is a victory for the country and that is what the democratic party is. Bless you, thank you very much.