You know very well that in recent weeks we have been subjected to a merciless war. But we have passed through the complementarities of polarization, toxicity, and misinformation. We have emerged victorious in spite of our opponents and the powerful economic interests that support them, who are making themselves comfortable. When you have a toxic opposition, what good is it for a government steeped in corruption to be no match for a credible solution such as the democratic party? Mr Mitsotakis is being helped by Syriza. But now PASOK is here, united, strong. The real alternative force against the Right, as we were, and I call on every democrat, every progressive to lean on this historic movement so that New Democracy has a real opponent and not its golden sponsor. Where are the pollsters today that Mr Tsipras denounced? He himself, Mr Polakis, the Syriza executives were saying that the polls were unfair to them. It was not 28-29 that they were showing but 31-32 and it turned out to be 20% and it turned out that they supported them for the benefit of New Democracy in order to scare the centrists. Do you know? Just as lies have short legs, so these cheap games have short legs, because the end of this story is the will of the Greek people, it is the strength of all of you, it is the strength of the democratic party. We have supported this new beginning for the people, not for the few and the powerful who are served by the New Democracy system. Do you know? The polls scandalously favored the so-called anti-systemic gentlemen of Syriza. It was convenient to oppose the no alternative. But now here they have programmatic opposition, the opposition of this one, but before I go into that, I want to say something to the Syriza gentlemen. It is the fault of the communist party, he says, it is the fault of PASOK because the map is blue. It is also the fault of the simple proportional representation that they brought in. I want to remind Mr Tsipras that the map was blue in 2019 as well. Not only in the national elections but also in the regional elections. And if Stavros Arnaoutakis had not been in Crete, New Democracy would have had 13 regions, Mr Tsipras, so that you do not sell seaweed for silk ribbons. You made the map blue with your division and populism over the last 5 years and we are here to make it green and democratic for a better perspective, for a real hope for all Greeks. But, friends, in recent hours we have been under an asymmetrical attack from New Democracy and the powerful interests of the economic elite that support it. You know, the dilemma of the elections is not what they want to pass. They were saying in the last election, who are you going to go with? And I would answer them, we have a program and we are waiting for the popular verdict because governments are not made in the spotlight, but as in all of Europe with programmatic convergences after the popular verdict in the spotlight. In the end, it turned out that all this talk and all the false blackmail to the Greek people produced results for Mr Mitsotakis.