Friends, thank you very much for your warm welcome, which is another message of victory and the rebirth of the democratic party. And here from the Thessalian plain, where the peasantry learned dignity from Andreas Papandreou's PASOK, because blood does not become water. Friends, at every station of this new course I see smiling faces, hoping faces, believing faces. Who believe in the new change, the new change of hope and dignity. Unfortunately, however, some remain unrepentant. Greece has had 10 difficult years. Farmers, small and medium-sized enterprises, a new generation on airplanes to go abroad, but some continue with populism, elitism and dead-end conflicts. Every day a surprise. Today it was Mr Mitsotakis' turn. He sees the young generation turning its back on him and what does he do? Does he talk about policies in the public interest, about new jobs, about new hopes? A one-off pass of 150 euros. I therefore call on the Greek youth to turn their backs on the contempt and disparagement of Mr Mitsotakis. We, with strong public education, with strong public health, with social housing, with good jobs, we invite the new generation to the political pass of dignity and hope. This is PASOK. This is the democratic party. Friends, SYRIZA today remembered Mr Varoufakis. And we heard that there was a discussion in his program to propose parallel local currencies. I guess they didn't learn the lesson of 2015, with the closed banks with the so-called Seismicity, with the no house in the hands of a banker, which brought electronic auctions and hundreds of thousands of loans to the fund crows. This is the populism of SYRIZA and this is all coming. When the loans of cooperatives of small private individuals have been sold to the extortionists and fund crows to talk today about local currencies. Do you finally know? And today it has been amply demonstrated that the only reason why Mr Mitsotakis has not yet fallen is that Mr Tsipras is still in the opposition. So that is why there is a third solution, a solution of democracy, respect for human rights, the separation of powers and sustainable development. And it is PASOK's solution.