Friends. Private debt. Rents are galloping but not only rents and debts. Millions of euros in debts to tax offices, to the National Social Insurance Fund, to banks. I did not come to Larissa to tell you about Seisachthia. I did not come to Larissa to tell you that you will pay loans and taxes. I came here to speak the language of truth, because when you go to a poor man whose house is in danger and tell him about Seisakhthia, you should be ashamed after five years, not asking Mr Tsipras to become Prime Minister again. And of course, Mr Mitsotakis completely abolished the protection of the first home that the government of George Papandreou achieved in 2010. So what do we say? Firstly, we restore the protection of the first home with modern objective economic criteria, based on the amount of repayment of the borrower, so that no one is at risk of losing their home after the next election, as a result of the Supreme Court's decision in January. We do not want any middle-class Greek or weak Greek to be held hostage by the banks in the coming years. Arrangements for all these people, arrangements of a second chance of dignity. Redeeming solutions, not hostage-taking and blackmail. And of course, what happens now with the funds? They have taken out billions in loans. What are we going to do? Are we going to let people be held hostage and blackmailed with negotiations under the table? But they came to Greece for one reason and one reason only. They took 10-15% of the value to sell it for 20-25% and then go and destroy another society, in another country. Are we going to let our society, our economy, our archipelago of small and medium enterprises close down one after another? No. That is why we propose that the transfer negotiations be conducted within the framework of the negotiations that the banking system is formally conducting, so that priority is given to regulation and not to the elimination of the borrower by the crows. Also, the Swiss franc. 80,000, Greek families are being held hostage because of Swiss franc loans. We propose that one third of the interest rate increase should be borne by the borrower and two thirds by the banks and finally, if the Bank continues, after the billions we have given them for capital adequacy, to have the largest difference in Europe between the interest rate on mortgages and the interest rate on deposits, to tax their excess profits in order to stop the obscenity of these monopolies at the expense of the Greek people. Friends, we have a debt. PASOK is here, united and strong, not only to grow as a party, but for every progressive democratic Greek throughout Greece to find a home. Here is the genuine home of hope and perspective, of social justice and national dignity. And of course 120 instalments of payments to EFKA and the tax authorities for all. New Democracy was telling us, what are you talking about? We did it 15 days ago. So I am asking today and here from Larissa tomorrow morning to take a walk in the market and take a poll. How many people you know have been able to join the 120 instalment scheme? To understand the audacity of Mr Mitsotakis? So we say 120 instalments for everyone, including the National Social Security Fund and the tax authorities, and whoever keeps to the end of the arrangement, 30% reduction from the initial capital.