Friends, we must be honest and realistic. Every day I listen to our political opponents. Does it say New Democracy, PASOK? But PASOK is closer to Syriza. Mitsotakis said it today, because voting for PASOK is closer to Syriza. Mr Tsipras says the same thing, and Mr Tsipras says, why should you vote for PASOK? It is closer to New Democracy. PASOK is closer to the Greek people and embraces their real concerns. But what are the agonies? PASOK is here, united, strong, renewed and on 21 May it is asking for a clear mandate for victory here in Thessaly too. But what is the anguish of Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis, who, while saying they want to work together, see that we are on the opposite side? Their anxiety is not political. It is personal, it is the agony of the chair, far from the real agony of every Greek household. That's why we say the people's. What is the change that many have been arguing about in recent days? Is it just a word? Is it a slogan engraved in the DNA of the democratic party? Does Mr Tsipras think things are that simple? Change is engraved in the popular subconscious of our people, because they are full of images and experiences, the experience of the national health care system of George Gennimata and Paraskevas Avgerinos, the public schools and public universities that make the children of farmers and ranchers doctors, engineers, lawyers, who built their future with dignity. What is the change? The big projects? The roads, the airports, the subways. What is change? Respect for people, the removal of the great discriminations of the post-civil war state, where Greeks united in the 1980s without party identities, without restrictions and exclusions? That was PASOK. This is the content of real change. So Mr Tsipras must understand that slogans are not enough. It is the work, the history, the social root that makes PASOK, the democratic party, different from his own party. And because he told us in the last few days that what do we need Andreas Papandreou for? Papandreou belongs to the history of the Greek people, he belongs to progress, he belongs to the great changes that he served above all. He belongs to the struggles for social justice and national dignity. But there is a question: in these struggles, did Andreas Papandreou and the subsequent leaderships have the party of Mr. Tsipras or the Right as their supporter? When did these two parties support PASOK? When we did the AΣEP? When we did Diavgeia, when we did Kapodistrias and Kallikrates to have self-government and regional development? Which major reform did the right and Syriza support? Here it came to the point where Greece was bankrupted by Mr Karamanlis and we were to make protection for the first home and they did not even vote for the protection of the first home, because they wore their party glasses and did not see the interests of the borrower.