On the issue of Golden Dawn. I cannot imagine that there are young people in our country who would consider voting for Mr Kasidiaris' party. The party that praises Hitler, the man who bloodied Greece, the party that painted its hands with the blood of Pavlos Fyssa and the immigrants. Their place is and will be in darkness and in prison. But here are some questions that all democrats must ask the Greek people every day until the next elections. Why did Mr Mitsotakis allow the murderers, the neo-Nazis, to campaign for three years from within the prisons? In what other European state would a gang - apart from ideology - campaign from inside the prison? In what other country would they wait 2 months before an election to legislate? We said from the beginning, and with the late Fofi Gennimata, that there had to be a law to prevent murderers from participating in our democracy. But Mr Mitsotakis had second thoughts; what are those second thoughts? As long as he was seeing Golden Dawn below 3%, he tells you a big remainder, low bar for self-reliance. As soon as he saw Golden Dawn going above 3%, I say to you, whoa, they're getting into parliament. Small remainder, self-reliance bar goes up. This is Mr Mitsotakis' code of opportunism even on these huge issues of democracy in our country. And of course Mr. Tsipras, who has the audacity to want to fish for votes in murky waters. And he doesn't vote, he didn't vote for the law that would have prevented the murderous neo-Nazis from participating in the political system. Mr Varoufakis, who had even more nerve. What did Mr Varoufakis say? He said, I wish they did not exist, but since they do exist, we cannot ban them from participating. And I ask you, in which European country do parties of murderers, apart from ideologies, participate? So that's the left, that's the right. That is why we have a one-way street: the rebirth of PASOK and the democratic party with the principles and values of 3 September, the principles that made the Greek people live through the years of post-independence, the years of democracy, the rule of law and the separation of powers.