Ladies and friends, I cannot not speak here from the plain of Thessaly about agricultural issues, production, extroversion, the dignity of the farmer, because our goal is not only for you but also for your children and grandchildren to stay in the plain of Thessaly, to cultivate the land, to have exports, to increase our population when demography is one of the biggest national problems of the country. So that is why we say, as our founder, Andreas Papandreou, used to say, that the rural world is the backbone of the democratic party. For years now, the rural population has been declining. In the last decade, our farmers have decreased by some 260 000 and the area under cultivation by 6.5 million hectares. 1.3 billion in agricultural income has been lost. 70% of our farmers are in debt to public funds, the National Social Security Fund and banks. Tens of thousands of farmers and 727 cooperatives are carrying red loans from the time of the Agricultural Bank and many today are being extorted by the funds. The threat of foreclosures is stronger than ever, with the national risk of national danger of the deflation of the Greek economy. The cost of production has risen by 22.4% in this year and a half alone, with increases in electricity, oil, animal feed and fertilisers. What has the New Democracy government done to counter the undermining of the competitiveness of our productive base? Only ephemeral allowances. At the same time, the implementation of the new CAP and its programmes has been significantly delayed, with the result that thousands of farmers do not know what will happen with their applications, when their investments will be subsidised. It is now May and even now the OPEKEPE information system is still down. This is the staff state of the New Democracy, which supposedly said that the digital transition in the way the new CAP was to be implemented would cause solutions but has caused new chaos. When will the institutional framework, which is the basic prerequisite for the implementation of the new CAP, be formulated. Because of the delays, our farmers and livestock farmers risk losing 50% of their basic support and the country will be forced to pay new fines to the European Union. What are the conditions for the application of the ecological schemes? When will the audit of farms be carried out? Finally, let the gentlemen of the New Democracy make up their minds and stop the mockery. Are the delays due to incompetence or is it an attempt to conceal the real reduction in subsidies for the Greek farmer? And of course, the other big issue is the land workers. This year again, New Democracy's lack of action has robbed them of valuable hands, resulting in rotting fruit on trees all over Greece.