Friends, in the face of this difficult reality, PASOK and I personally here from the Thessalian plain with specific commitments, commitments that will make the farmer to lower production costs and remain upright and competitive in the coming years. We are immediately starting interventions, measures to reduce production costs, especially in agricultural supplies and zero excise duty on agricultural oil for the entire period of the crisis, support for energy communities between farmers, farmers, farmers, cooperatives and of course small municipalities. The green transition cannot be achieved with big pharaonic parks of the 5 big oligarchs of the country. This is not democratisation in energy production. This is a country where the rich get richer and the peasants get poorer. That's why PASOK says priority small parks to farmers, ranchers and cooperatives to have stable energy and production costs for the next 15 years. Also, introduction of unconfiscated and tax-free subsidies, compensation and aid to farmers. Updating the insurance regulation of ELGA, extending and covering disasters to livestock and crops caused by climate change. It is unthinkable. Mr Tsipras discovered climate change at Mati. We have been talking about green growth for 15 years now, when the gentlemen of New Democracy were talking about green horses and now they are not compensating farmers for the extreme climate change phenomena that they know only too well will increase in the coming years. We owe the whole process for the new CAP programmes to be completed within a year. We are abolishing the policy of the runner-up beneficiary through proper planning of resources and not through wastefulness in subsidies. But we also need a national strategic plan for the new agri-food and production, which includes increasing the amounts from the Recovery Fund to the green and digital transformation of production and reducing the environmental footprint. Strengthening organic crops and farms, enhancing the competitiveness and extroversion of our national products and protecting and promoting PDO products and standardisation. And of course, the vision of linking the agricultural sector of livestock and processing with tourism.