So it is a closed stadium, to accommodate your optimism, to accommodate the message of victory and change that Giannina is giving today! It is the best, the truest show of victory, your gathering today! It gives the message of victory! The prefecture of Ioannina and the whole of Epirus will give the SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance a first place in six days from today!  Six days left, citizens of Ioannina. Five and one, as we used to say in the old days in the Army. Five and one for the great Change! Five and one for the great victory! It is a message of reversal that you are giving today. On Sunday the lies end. Greece is turning the page. Days of justice, days of democracy, days of meritocracy are dawning. The days of the people are dawning again. This is the message, I assure you, that I take to every corner of our country and to every rally, in every city, from Alexandroupolis to Crete, from Corfu to the Dodecanese. Every rally is proof of victory.  The best show of victory is our contact with the people. Because we are always in the world. Today we were spoiled by the weather, because if we hadn't had a rainfall report, we would have had a rain of people in your big square here in Ioannina and we can't fit in this closed gym, it's full inside and outside. But in every meeting we have, it is clear that on the coming Sunday we are going for a great victory for democracy, a great victory for the people.

Why? Because the vast majority of Greek society, the vast majority of ordinary people, say one thing, feel one thing and put out one thing, two words: Enough! That's it, no more! No more arrogance! No more indifference! No more of this unworthiness! No more of family rule! No more inequality! No more generalized injustice! And in case some younger people have forgotten, the worst government of the Right since the post-communist era, the government of Mr Mitsotakis, has come to remind us what exactly the Right means. Mr Mitsotakis is telling us, friends, that Greeks want to go forward, not back. Do you know something? I agree with him, he is right. Only instead of telling the Greeks, he should tell them every morning in his mirror that the country should go forward and not go backwards. Because he is the man who took over a country that, after great adventures, had regained stability outside the memoranda. With its debt settled, its coffers full, its society on its feet and a strong outlook for its economy. And of course, all this happened because we governed with integrity in the most difficult moments of our recent history. And we managed to make the sacrifices of the Greek people pay off. And what has Mr Mitsotakis done for four years now? He pulled the handbrake with both hands and turned around. He has taken us back to dark times, to a country where workers work unpaid 12-hour days, to a country that has come to have Bulgarian wages and British prices. Because that is what is happening in Greece today.

In a country where the government is raping democracy and monitoring half of the political system, even the leadership of the military.

In a country with broken public hospitals and record pandemic losses.

In a country where they are closing university schools to open up the clientele for colleges.

In a country where information is silenced and propaganda flourishes with state money.

This is the Greece of Mr Mitsotakis. The Greece that has hurt and hurt every Greek for four years now. It has hurt every young person and every young person who is struggling to make ends meet, to open a home and to start a family. Because the salary ends on the 15th of the month. It has hurt every worker who is forced to work in the sun for a salary that does not even cover basic needs. Hurt every young mother who faces the dilemma every month of what to cut out of her child's diet because the prices of basic necessities have gone through the roof.

It has hurt every honest businessman who is being hounded by debt collectors and the state not only refuses to make a reasonable arrangement for his debts, but threatens to take everything away through bankruptcy.

And it has hurt again and again those who worked hard to buy the right to dignity when they retire. The pensioners, who were cheated with the 13th pension, cheated with the retroactive pension and have been robbed of over 7 billion over the last four years.

But the time has come, citizens of Ioannina, the time has come to close these great wounds in the body of society once and for all with our participation at the polls on Sunday and with our vote on Sunday. The Greece that is hurting us is finally over in six days from today. And the Greece that we deserve dawns seven days from today. Next Monday we will have a different reality in our country. And this different reality will come with the victory of SYRIZA, which will also be a victory for Change, because it will immediately pave the way for the formation of a progressive government of cooperation, with the aim of restoring justice for all and everywhere.

Mr Mitsotakis, of course, has created a virtual reality.  With the help of his communication sponsors, with the millions of state money from the Petsas list that created "Update 108" - we have now gone up to 107, we have gone up a little bit, it's true, because some other third world country has fallen, we are 107th on the list, one of the worst in the world in terms of pluralism and democracy in information. So create a virtual reality. And I listen to him too many times talking about his achievements and I feel like I'm living in another country, or that he thinks he's running another country. A fantasy land, something like Alice in Wonderland. But the reality is the opposite. It's not Alice in Wonderland, but Kyriakos in Trauma Land. Of the many wounds that this society and this country has on its body. Of the wounds that he himself caused. Let me list some of these wounds.

Trauma one: in four years, what he leaves behind in the economy: It leaves 50 billion more in national debt. 40 billion more in private debt. It leaves behind half of Greece, 4,250,000 Greeks, with bad debts. Half of Greece in debt. Non-performing debts to the IRS, to the banks, to the social security funds.

And it leaves behind 700,000 households to worry if the next day they will lose their house in the auctions, because Mr Mitsotakis made sure to remove the protection of the first home and transfer their loans to the funds in order to get their houses in the auctions.

Second trauma: It leaves behind a broken NHS, without sufficient medical and nursing staff. The negative record of 37,000 of our fellow human beings lost in the pandemic ranks our country in the worst position in the whole western world, even worse than Bolsonaro's Brazil, in proportion to our population. Why has this happened? Why, instead of reinforcing our hospitals with doctors and nurses, instead of building ICUs, what was he telling us? He was lying to us that he supposedly did not know if there are studies that say the obvious, that when a person is intubated outside of ICUs, they obviously do not have the same chance of being saved as someone who is intubated inside. And he was telling these lies unabashedly, when he had all the studies and there was common sense.

Trauma three: an Education, with thousands of young people every year being artificially cut off from universities, denied access to universities, because it has implemented the Minimum Admission Base, in order to give patronage to private colleges. And who usually gets cut? Which kids are in those 20,000 who are cut? Children from middle-class families, with little opportunity for tutoring. And what happens to that? They're languishing at the regional universities, closing down because they don't have students. It also leaves us with an education system with schools without permanent teachers, with 30% being substitutes. And it leaves us with universities without university professors, but with several university police officers. These are the wounds that Mr Mitsotakis leaves us with.

It leaves us with a fourth wound: Labour exploitation. The legislated regularity of unpaid overtime and the abolition of the eight-hour working day for workers, the abolition of the Labour Inspectorate, so that the worker has no support from the state to demand the application of the law.

It leaves us with a fifth trauma, which you have all experienced: The plundering of income, the collapse of the average wage and the purchasing power of households. The irrefutable witness is the data provided by the international organisations. What has Eurostat told us? That in Greece, in recent years, a household with a monthly income of up to EUR 700 has lost 40% of its purchasing power. In other words, the salary it received two years ago was 40% more valuable. What did the OECD, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, tell us the other day? It told us that Mr Mitsotakis's Greece was the only European country, the only one, in the three years 2019-2021, where there was a decrease in the average nominal wage and one of only three in Europe that in 2022, there was a decrease in the average real wage. What this means, what all this means: That where we were promised better jobs, better wages and support for the middle class, they have led the middle class to live on food stamps. Vouchers for the supermarket, vouchers for the electricity bill, vouchers for petrol stations. And they cut wages, they cut purchasing power, they dismantled labor.

So, everything they were saying four years ago did exactly the opposite. And I want to talk to you about two more traumas, two more traumas: The sixth in a row of the trauma that I told you a few moments ago, the sixth in a row, is the great trauma that they are leaving on the state. They are leaving a cloverleaf state, with the 'blue locusts' - I say it right, blue locusts, did we not say blue locusts? - occupying a position in all the public utilities. You remember what they said about us, don't you? That we have increased the number of post-employees. And these godless people doubled their post-employees. And not only did they double them, but they made sure to raise the salary by 30%, because it wasn't enough. But it's not just the temps. It's the party that's going on with the managerial positions in the PPOs - they doubled the managerial positions in all the PPOs to get as many of the so-called blue golden boys, who on the Boards of Directors usually decide to give bonuses, raises to themselves. What else did they do in the state? Appointments outside of the CBA. What else did they do in the state? They devalued its functioning. They even disregarded the safety of the citizen. And indisputable proof of this was the tragic accident two months ago in Tempe.

An unspeakable tragedy, the result of the political immorality of a regime that let the railways fall apart. And you remember, a few days ago, the Minister of Tempi was in parliament taking questions from SYRIZA MPs. And of course he was also receiving letters of apology from the railway workers, who had announced the tragedy. And what did he answer? "Shameful", he would say to them, "talking to me about railway safety". This man hypocritically resigned on the same day of the accident and a few days later, in agreement with Mr Mitsotakis, he was a candidate again, with the New Democracy combinations in Serres, to be washed up in the Pool of Siloam and to continue, despite what he did, to be a Member of Parliament. And if Mitsotakis wins, he will certainly look at being a minister.  Because this party is the party of familialism, the party of brood, where two years, useless brood, came together and we had this fatal result for 57 human souls.

Worse than their responsibility for this tragic accident, however, was the way they managed the accident. I won't dwell on the misery and lies they told, that it was supposedly not their fault but the predecessors' fault. I won't dwell on the unacceptable, miserable show in front of an antiquated console, because there was a catastrophic fire in the summer of '19 in the television department and four years they didn't take care to restore it.
But I will dwell on the lies they told about the appointment, which was a party buffet that was illegal, and I will dwell on what Mr Mitsotakis told us the other day at a television station. "Tempe for us," he said, "was a small and temporary blemish that was forgotten." So no, Mr Mitsotakis! The loss of 57 of our fellow human beings is not a political loss! It is a crime! And we assure you that we will not forget it! We have a moral obligation not to forget. Both to those who perished and to never again be faced with such an unspeakable tragedy.

And I come to the 7th trauma - I've lost count, there are many more, I've listed some to tell you today. I am coming to the 7th trauma and perhaps the deeper one, because it concerns the abuse of democracy, the rape of the rule of law in our country. You will recall that Mr Mitsotakis has all this time, even today, refused, avoided and avoided like the devil, to stand opposite me on a television station and discuss with me calmly and simply. But in front of the cameras, in real time, so that the Greek people understand our positions, so that we can refute arguments. He didn't dare. His appearance the day before yesterday, a week before, in the debate, probably proved that he rightly did not want to. It was not just the two of us, of course, he had four others, he thought he would hide behind them, but he lost it in the first tough question. And he testified, as they say, without a beating. Told what? He testified to what he'd been trying so hard to hide for nine months. The illegal wiretapping scandal. He called it a "scandal" and at the same time admitted that there was no national reason for these wiretaps.

And the question is:  If there was no national reason, why, Mr Mitsotakis, why did you invoke national secrecy for nine months to cover up the truth in the Commission of Inquiry? And I wonder, since there was no national reason, why Mrs Vlachou, the prosecutor of the NSA, signed all these provisions to monitor half the political system - political leaders, ministers, even the heads of the armed forces - and no one has asked for an explanation from this prosecutor, who told us that if she were to judge for herself, she would even monitor the President of the Republic. What I am describing to you is not exactly the right, it is a regime. The worst the country has seen since the post-war period. It's not exactly the right that I'm describing to you. It is the Mitsotakis regime. And I ask myself, because this is the crux of the surveillance: where has all that has been recorded gone? Where have the transcripts of the surveillance of half the political system and half the economic system, half the business world, gone? Does Mr Mitsotakis have them on tapes in his drawer to blackmail half the political system and half the business world for the next twenty years? That is the big question. And for that, indeed, those responsible must be held accountable, starting with the Prime Minister who orchestrated this squalor.

But I want to wonder and ask why this was the first time we heard Mr Androulakis speak so clearly about the need to hold the parastatals accountable. I want to ask: how exactly will this insurgency be held to account?  With a new New Democracy government of Mr Mitsotakis?  Or with a progressive government? Because if it were, this parastate would have been accountable for 9 months now. So, Mr Androulakis, leave the unhistorical bipartisans and take responsibility for the next day of the country. The hour of crisis is coming for all of us. The bipartisans do not belong to the history that you consider to be your sole spiritual heir. Andreas Papandreou did not have a two-front, he had only one front, with the Right. And today we do not have a two-front, we have only one front: with the worst right-wing since the post-war period. We therefore extend our hand of cooperation to the progressive forces. In order to have a government of cooperation that will support society, but also to repair the great wounds in democracy.

But at this point I also want to address conservative citizens, conservative voters. To the voters of New Democracy. We have important ideological differences, but I do not believe that the majority of these voters want this scandal to be covered up. I do not believe that the majority of these voters want the arbitrariness from the abuse of democracy to corruption. And my question is: Mr. Mitsotakis is calling on you with your vote to wash him out. Will you wash him out? Will you knowingly become his accomplices? Are you going to tell him? Will you be his accomplices? New Democracy is a large party, we have ideological differences, but we respect them. He has offered the country. And we criticize what it failed to do or what many of the things it did put in place. But what, really, does factionalism and Maximou SA, as the late Fofi Gennimata said, have to do with the tradition of the conservative party? Costas Karamanlis, the former prime minister, once called the interconnectedness "pimps". He did not put them in his living room as Mitsotakis did. So these people today are not New Democracy, they are Old Anaxocracy and not New Democracy. They are Holy Family and not a New Democracy party. So I want to address the conservative voters here in Ioannina and ask them to think once and for all whether they will be complicit. Because it is not worth it for their party either, but above all it is not worth it for this country to give a free pass for another four years to arrogance, corruption and injustice. It is not worth it in our country.

But in the last few days, as I said this morning, Mr Mitsotakis has been very busy because he has to pack his bags at Maximou and there are a lot of things he has to pack. On Monday he leaves for good, on Monday Maximou changes tenants, and he has to pack up the evidence of the crime, to make it disappear, and the Predator cables to dismantle. But in this fury of packing, it seems, he has time to do the math. Because in the last few days, all he's been doing is measuring how much the Syriza program will cost. And he can't get the numbers right. He's lost in the counting, he says, it seems to him that the cost of Syriza's programme is too much. He counted, it seems, the direct assignments he made in the past to day laborers, to companies that were being set up three days before the direct assignments, over 10 billion came out, but that's where the bill came out. He also counted, it seems, the subsidies he gave to the energy cartel, over 10 billion in a year and a half, it seems that's where the bill came out. He also counted the New Democracy's sea loans, over 400 million in loans and unpaid loans. And that's where the bill came out. But with Syriza's programme, the bill does not add up. It has made it a rubber stamp, of course, in the counting. One he said 24, then he said 84, then he said 70, by the election he'll have it up to 170, no doubt about it.

But I want to respond to Mr Mitsotakis. We know how to count too, Mr Mitsotakis. And we know how to count, because we have counted euro for euro the money of the Greek citizen, the Greek taxpayer. With honesty. And we left it all intact. We took over empty funds and gave you funds with 37 billion and the country out of the memoranda and the debt settled! We governed with integrity, we know how to count! And not only do we know how to count, but what our motto says, "we know, we can", is a reality. Because not only do we know, this time we are coming outside the framework of the constraints of the Troika and the memoranda. This time we will govern on the basis of our programme, on the basis of our will, not on the basis of 'musts'. And this time your friends in Berlin and Brussels, Mr. Schäuble and Mr. Dijsselbloem, are not there to say 'goodbye, Schäuble and 'hello, Gerun'! They are no longer there to save you!

Our programme is not only costed, but we have been in open line for two years with all social groups to draw it up. With the input of top experts, really excellent experts. Excellent in their dedication to science and to the interests of the many. And it's the program I presented two weeks ago to Chancellor Scholz. But for Scholz it was feasible, for Mitsotakis it will lead us into memoranda, it is a disaster. He said the same thing four years ago, remember, when we were taking the country out of the memoranda, he said without shame that we signed the fourth one. From this 4th, he found and gave more than 60 billion over the whole of the previous period to day labourers. But I think he is saying this because he thinks that the Greeks have a short memory, a goldfish memory. The goldfish is said to have no memory. It thinks we have forgotten which party left the country with a 15% deficit in 2009 and threw us deep into memoranda and deep into bankruptcy. And which party left empty coffers in '15. But the thief cries out to scare the landlord. I want to assure you, friends, the landlord is not afraid. Our programme will be implemented. It will come at a cost to some powerful people, but we will implement it. We will implement it to the hilt!

I will tell you who our programme will cost. Our programme will be very costly for the energy cartels, for those who Mr Mitsotakis keeps VAT high to fill the public coffers with money, plundering the middle classes and the weak, everyone, to keep prices high. Because up there the subsidies do not go into the pockets of the citizen, the various passes. The energy cartels, the food cartels, the refinery cartels, the country is full of cartels. For them, yes, there will be a cost. For whom else will it come at a cost? It will come at a cost to the funds, who have been promised that by buying the loans at 25% of the value, they will get 100% back. And they are now preparing to auction off 700,000 homes. Yes, there will be a cost to our program for the funds, they won't be profiting. And it will certainly come at a great cost to all those day laborers, the companies that were set up a few days ago for the closed bidding.

I don't know if you saw a few days ago, a week ago, ten days ago, a video that proves how scared all those people who ate with golden spoons are. Because they can't say they gave 60 billion, but no one in society says it was enhanced, that went somewhere. I don't know if you saw how scared they are in this video, where there was an employer threatening his workers that if they vote for Syriza he will fire them, next to the gleeful Minister of Development! That's how scared they are. Because indeed, our program will come at a cost to some. And of course watching this video, one wonders: We haven't seen this much democracy in our country since the 1950s, that's where the Mitsotakis regime turned us.

So after you've seen the video and after you've seen all this, I think it's very simple: what exactly do we want to happen next Sunday, six days from now? Who should be the ones celebrating the election results? The democratic citizens or the cartels and the powerful? The democratic citizens, the democratic people or the privileged, the funds, the day labourers? I am sure that the overwhelming majority of the Greek people have answered this question. And next Sunday you can be sure that our people will be celebrating. The democratic people will be celebrating the victory of justice, of democracy, the victory of the people!

In this battle, friends, we are going down with open cards and with a clear vision and with the flag of the Contract for Change that we submitted to the judgment of the Greek citizens, a few days ago, with 11 articles. And to the judgment of all the progressive forces, so that they cannot say things that are untrue. Like that the programme of Syriza and New Democracy is the same. Really? Is this program that they put into practice, that abolished the eight-hour work week, introduced unpaid overtime, abolished the SEPA, and have the worker in a jungle, the same as our program that restores all this?
Is it the same to have public hospitals broken, doctors leaving, with this program that allows them to get 2,000 salary for the first appointed doctor? Is it the same to deny the 13th pension to the retiree with our program that restores it, that gives the retroactive pension?
So I ask myself: what is the meaning of our vote this coming Sunday if it is not what will dawn on us on Monday? Anyone who refuses to give an answer by saying the untruths that we know where our Movement and our democracy led in the old days, of the type 'what a Plastiras what a Papagos', must give answers to the progressive and democratic citizens, now and on the day after the elections.

So our programme, apart from the 11 articles, I will tell you very briefly, so that by Sunday you can talk to people and tell them what it means to vote for Syriza. A vote for SYRIZA-Progressive Alliance means four things: Wage increases, price reductions, debt regulation, and a fair, efficient, strong welfare state alongside the citizen. That is what a vote for SYRIZA means! This is what a SYRIZA victory next Sunday will mean! For those who are suspicious, I want to say: In addition to the 11 articles program, we have already prepared the first legislative act, because justice will come in force, starting on Monday. And we need to speed it up even more, before Parliament is even constituted.

Article 1 of the legislative act: Suspend all auctions of primary residences until we enact fair debt adjustment legislation.

Article 2: Reduction of VAT to 6% for all foodstuffs and zero VAT for essentials, bread, baby food. Reduction of the Special Consumption Tax to the lowest level allowed by the European Union and abolition of VAT reimbursement for farmers and livestock farmers.

Article 3: Abolition of the Minimum Admission Base of Ms Kerameos, so that from these national exams all children can have access to higher education.

For us, Health, Education, electricity, water are not a commodity! Water cannot be a commodity. People cannot live without water, and Mr Mitsotakis wants to privatise it. That is his plan. Electricity cannot be a commodity. Without electricity, man cannot live. We have governed for four and a half years in the most difficult conditions. Not a single euro has been added to the electricity bill for consumers. Not a single euro! And health and education cannot be a commodity. A short while ago, a comrade who recently lost her husband came to the hotel where I was staying and met me. She told me one thing: "We don't want buffets from you, we want one thing from you: Health, education, justice."

At this point, my dear compatriots, I would like to say a few words about our common homeland, Epirus. As an Epirus myself, I grew up reading and listening to this disappointing phrase, that Epirus is one of the poor and underdeveloped regions of Europe. And when life brought it about and I took on the responsibility of Prime Minister, I had the concern and the vision to do everything in my power to ensure that this phrase ceased to haunt future generations of Epirus. The truth is that we governed in the most difficult circumstances, but I believe that we made many steps for the whole of Western Greece and for Epirus. We put a lot of emphasis on infrastructure, with the Olympia Odos and Ionia Odos being the main ones, which opened up roads for Western Greece and put it back on the map as a region.

We took many steps to protect our natural wealth, the areas we put in the NATURA programme, before the anti-environmental Hatzidakis law was dismantled.

We took care of the hospitals, we opened local health units, we staffed them, we equipped them. And of course, as much as we could, we staffed our universities, infrastructure, creating new faculties and new university departments. And it is all that we have done, in the most difficult circumstances, that is our guide for the next four years.

So our plan for the prefecture of Ioannina, and for Epirus as a whole, of course, includes: The completion of the road axes, the acceleration of the studies for the railway connection of Epirus and of course the increase of flights from the airport "King Pyrrhus". But since I mentioned the railway interconnection, you know that for us, the Egnatia railway is not a summer night's dream, as Mr Mitsotakis said. For us with a vision, not a summer night's dream. The Giannina - Kakavia road remains on paper. New Democracy, for four years now, has been mocking local government and the institutions. The road is vital, as a very large proportion of visitors come from Albania and trade is crucial. This road completes the western axis of the Balkans. It will finally become a reality. Just as the Ionian Road and the Olympic Road were also put into practice in the past.

Our plan also includes the substantial strengthening and upgrading of both the University Hospital and the Hadjikosta Hospital. The strengthening and establishment of new Local Health Units, because we will double them throughout Greece, and new Health Centres. Why? Because we have set a vision and a national goal to build a strong and qualitative NHS. If we have to have a national goal, it is to become Europe, not just to stay in Europe. To bring health spending to where the European average is. To catch up with other European countries. And that means boosting public spending on the NHS. To build a new, reliable, accessible National Health System for all Greeks. This of course requires a pay scale for doctors. That is why we are saying EUR 2 000 as the starting salary for the first-time doctor. Because otherwise he will not stay in the NHS, he will go to other countries. Our country is losing the most brilliant minds, we have filled Greek doctors in all European countries. This has to stop. Yes, that is what investment in the future, investment in the NHS means. That is our vision, that is our plan. And we will put it into practice. By also strengthening the infrastructure, but also by making permanent all the people who fought the battle on the front line at the time of the pandemic. It is our moral duty. I am talking about the auxiliary doctors, I am talking about the contract nurses. All these people must be rewarded for the great effort they made during the pandemic.

The second important vision and goal for us is Education. So we aim to strengthen public universities, and especially the University of Ioannina. You know, it is one of the best institutions we have. And our country has 6 institutions that are very high in the ranking, in the global ranking. Among them is your university. A university that is of high quality, thanks to the efforts of the teaching staff, who have kept it high quality all these years. But it has many problems, it needs strengthening. It needs student care, it needs student halls of residence, it needs more teachers, it needs better laboratories, it needs research funding. So we have a goal to double the number of professors at the University of Ioannina in the next four years. Because we aim to hire professors in universities, not police officers. Police officers should go to the neighborhoods, to fight crime, not to the universities. Professors want our universities! This is a slogan that probably students must have told us a while ago, because it's about the Minimum Entrance Requirement and the Subject Bank and the better universities that young people dream of. And we must at last strive to make those dreams a reality.

The worst thing that has happened to us as a country is that we are getting older. And the worst thing, even worse, is that young people cannot dream of a better future. We are obliged to work to build a better future for the younger generation of this country. Always in this country, all great historical events have been determined by young people. Young people have always come first. This was the case in '73 for the overthrow of the junta and the Metapolition. So it was in '81 with the Change. It was the same in '15, with the great victory of SYRIZA. So it will happen next Sunday! The young people and the young people will decide the election results! The young people will bring this great victory for our people, the great victory for Greece. The young and the young. 450,000 young voters will go to the polls. If they go to vote, there will be no time for Mr Mitsotakis to pack up the utensils in Maximou! He won't have time, I can tell you with certainty! So our aim is to put young people in the front line. Our goal is to get young people to the polls. That is the big bet. And I believe we will achieve it.

But I was talking about our plan to strengthen the public university. Our priority is to finally build a new large indoor gymnasium in the city of Ioannina. We have a priority to improve school facilities for mass sports.

Our goal is also to protect the natural environment, this unique wealth in Epirus and Ioannina. And in this direction, a central role for us is the reactivation of an emblematic, in my opinion, reform that we made in '18, the reform of the energy communities, which was frozen by the government of the New Democracy. No investment in order to have interconnectivity, to strengthen the network. And what little space there was in the grid went only to the big business groups, whereas the reform of the energy communities is mainly for small communities. The farmer and the farmer should be able to become a self-producer and self-consumer of the electricity he produces. Rural cooperatives, local government, villages, can be set up to do this. And of course small and medium enterprises. The Mitsotakis government did not do this, it left everything to the big groups. So we aim to invest in the network and give this reform a perspective, to revitalise it. And we commit that at least 50% of the new Renewable Energy licenses will be given to small businesses, to Cooperatives, Farmers' and Ranchers' Cooperatives, to self-production and not to big business groups.

Our plan also foresees for Epirus the change of the production model, paying special attention to the mountainous areas, with the creation of infrastructure, better roads, support for producers and incentives for targeted development of small and medium-sized enterprises for each region. Promoting the rich heritage of our region, investing in ecotourism and improving the quality of life of residents in mountainous and remote areas is also a key objective.

Finally, there is an urgent need to review the new CAP, with the aim of supporting primary production. But even more necessary, and I want to commit myself before you today, is the redirection of the resources of the Recovery and Resilience Fund. And I want to make this clear: The resources of the Fund will be redesigned, redirected to support the Region, to fight inequalities and to address demographic shrinkage. We have already studied the plan. And let me tell you that we are also in advanced discussions in Europe. From Monday, the continent is back on the map of funding for recovery and cohesion. It is back on the map of the Recovery Fund resources. So that we do not miss another great opportunity, so that we do not let it go to waste. And we will not let it go to waste.

Ladies and gentlemen of Giannina, I have tried to give you a brief overview of our basic programmatic commitments and goals for society, for the economy, for Epirus, for Giannina. I would like to close this meeting by saying two things from the heart. Our meeting today was a very large meeting. And it is a message. A message that in Ioannina the outcome has been decided. SYRIZA - Progressive Alliance on Sunday will be first! It will be first and by far! But I think that both yesterday's rally in Agrinio and your rally here in Giannina today are a message of victory for the whole of Greece. It is a victory performance! Today Epiros has spoken. The message of Change is already resounding from city to city, from village to village. From Tzoumerka to Zagoria, the message of victory and Change is resounding!

The result of these elections - listen to what I'm going to tell you - the result of these elections will not be decided by polls, but by the vote of the Greek people. Look at the results of the polls. A few weeks ago in Cyprus, they were off. Yesterday in Turkey, they were out. Why did this happen? What was it that threw the predictions and the measurements into the bucket? It was one thing: The turnout at the ballot box.

And especially the participation of young people. So today I want to call on all of you, especially young people, to go to the polls en masse next Sunday, to throw their predictions into the bucket and send home the most arrogant prime minister and the worst government the country has seen since the post-war period. So let's go to the ballot box for victory! Let's go to the ballot box for change! All together! We can! For a Greece with more light! On May 21, the people will win! Democracy will win! The sun of justice will rise again over our country. In six days, the time will come for the people to make history. So let us also write the 21st of May 23 in history, as the day of our, your, young and old, Change. For the return of democracy to power and justice everywhere! Friends and friends, citizens of Ioannina, let us go firmly to the ballot box. To end the four years of suffering and trauma. Change and justice are now at our doorstep. Open the door with your vote and don't miss a minute with your work, home by home, village by village, man by man, until Sunday. That's how we will win. And not just win, it will be a great victory that will go down in history. I thank you from the bottom of my heart for this overwhelming presence today, for this great gathering, for this message of victory that you have given! Goodbye! Thank you very much! Let's get going!
