Friends. It is a great honor to be here today. And those of you who are here in person? And those of you participating online. Some of you we've known for years. Most of us we don't know. That's a truth. It is good that today we have a very important opportunity to discuss, to exchange. I want to start with opinions first. From the initiative of the network. From abroad. It was an idea. For many years now, which for many reasons did not take shape, I am very happy that now with an initiative. of certain friends and comrades. This initiative is becoming a reality. Because we have a need and a debt. To listen to Greece that is outside Greece. Unfortunately or fortunately for many, many years. The Greeks were staying in their own country and we had forgotten. What was going on for many decades before the post-independence period? That is, before the country was stabilized in economic, political and social terms. So before 1974 and especially before 1981. Thousands of people were leaving Greece. For the same or even different reasons than those who are leaving today. We have a duty to create the new conditions. So that the exodus can be stopped. of human capital abroad. And to return those who believe that they can rebuild their future at home. But of course for an even bigger reason. We have a duty to listen to these young scientists, these young professionals who have made their families. In every corner of the world. Because they can bring new views, new perceptions and new experiences. Good or bad? I'm not a fan. Of imitation without. Criterion. Without critical thinking, without an understanding of where we are, what we can do, but must. To look at this accumulated experience in a positive way to see what is happening in other countries. And particularly in the western world. Which our country is not doing, and as a result it remains a market of lost opportunities, a country which unfortunately does not create the conditions. Improving the daily lives of citizens. And I say this because I believe that every person, and especially young people, have the right to both prosperity and happiness, and a socialist party, a social democratic party, has a duty to do everything it can to ensure that the possibilities of the welfare state, of sustainable economic development, to ensure that this right to happiness and prosperity exists.

I will tell you some policies today. These are mainly for the younger generation, but not only for the younger generation. Which are in our programme. But before I go. To the political issues. And the programmatic ones I want to respond so, in a few words, to what I heard, but which I was not prepared for, but it would be good to say a few words. First of all, the participation of young people in the parties. The main reason in my humble opinion of the aversion of party aversion, because. Political debates take place. Parties act as hedgehogs that do not allow in an interactive way the participation of young people and it is not a current phenomenon. It is a phenomenon of many decades. I was often surprised that the Polytechnic generation considered it a disadvantage for people who were making a modern political career to participate in a youth party, whereas in their own years it was the common norm. Participation in a youth group and even those who did not participate were considered to be uncommon. So what is this? What makes young people averse to politics. First of all, it is disillusionment. It is the crisis of confidence. Many times they have trusted people and parties and have been overwhelmingly disappointed.

And the other one is the cartel parties. I do not aspire to make government in Greece to be a strong governing party, and suddenly in organizations. In boards of directors to find all of you, as happened with New Democracy and Syriza? We are not building a citizen-client relationship. We are building a political relationship of trust, credibility and interactivity, so that we can discuss, address and analyse social problems properly and solve them with the experience that we have, the experience that you have and the experience that our friends who have left Greece in recent years have, and this is very crucial because PASOK is not a cartel party. And that is why I consider it a priority in our programme. I say it everywhere I go. That we must if we become a government. The main priority must be the de-partisanship of the state, i.e. transparency and meritocracy in the selection of the administrations of organisations. hospitals and the entire public sector, i.e. open. International competitions to make selections with five-year terms of office to break the electoral cycle, which can create problems in the work of these people with. Better financial incentives to bring in people with great competence, because at the moment what we are experiencing is that in critical organisations there are people who have nothing to do with the subject, simply because they went and stood at a rally on the side of Mr Tsipras or Mr Mitsotakis. Or someone else in the past to take a role. Undermining. Unintentionally or intentionally the public interest? So, that is why I aspire for what is starting today to have completely different characteristics and to be a truly new political mentality that the Greek people and the country need, both for the good of the state and for the good of politics itself as an object of solutions for discussion, dialogue and confrontation, but which always leads to a result far from toxicity. And discord. Now?

On environmental issues. It is an issue I have fought for for many, many years. First of all as an MEP. I find what is happening in our country unthinkable. That the policy of tackling climate change, instead of becoming a field of sustainable development, democratising energy production, tackling energy poverty. And a resilient economy through our own renewable energy production from renewable sources, far from being vulnerable to international turbulence, mainly through gas and all imported fossil fuels. And the government of SYRIZA and the New Democracy has chosen a path that is very dangerous both for society and for the economy and for our geopolitical position. I want to tell you that my last vote as an MEP a few weeks ago. It was to vote against the ETS. And really. I heard various comments and from fellow MEPs, mostly Greek, saying how a green MEP didn't vote for the ETS himself. I didn't vote for the ETS because I'm afraid of what's coming for Greece. The others have prepared themselves. And I want to answer you very frankly that if there are no policies to support the weakest Greeks, either through prioritisation from rooftop PV to savings programmes, will the ETS as it will be implemented in the coming years lead them to energy poverty and inequality? Because after 2030. People with the most energy-intensive homes and the most energy-intensive cars will pay increased taxes for energy issues. As a result, they will not be able to stabilize their lives and will be driven to the margins. So, what do I say? Because Greece is not ready? Greece is not ready to make such policies? Because the poorest people have the most energy-intensive cars, they cannot change cars. Every 5 years the poorest people. If we go to the poorest areas of Athens, we will see that the car brands and models are 15 years old, 20 years old, 10 years old what will happen to these people? Has our state done anything? Not for their houses, has our state done something, not in the rest of Europe has the green transition been done, it is done by prioritizing energy communities in municipalities. To processors, to cooperatives, to farmers, to ranchers, so that they know that this policy, when implemented, they have created a resilient society that will not be driven to the margins. So we are talking about another model, far from the choices made in recent years by New Democracy and Syriza, which in essence benefit the few, and if the Greek people have not risen up, it is because what happened with the war in Ukraine has made us live. Some of the side effects. What we will experience in the next 10 years will be much harsher and we need to prepare the Greek people and our economy now.

The new generation, as you know. Since 2009 they have been in a whirlwind of constant crises. It's the economic adventure. It's the coronavirus pandemic that of course left some good ones. Goodies like the Internet, zoom and all that make it easier for us to take these initiatives without meeting. We meet face to face. And of course, the energy crisis, the rise in inflation, the rise in commodity prices that have happened particularly in the most vulnerable economies that don't have strong institutions. That create a mature market. All these have increased insecurity, fear and frustration. They have trimmed ambitions, professional personal ambitions. And most people, especially the younger generations. They are so pessimistic that they have become believers. That no matter what they do they will live worse than their parents and grandparents. So when do we see? Graduates looking for a career in other countries. We know something is wrong. So that's why. We need to see the evidence that the government wants to hide. One in four young people today is unemployed. Or one in four young people? Probably facing the risk of poverty in the coming years. Also, growth, what growth? What the OECD has announced and what the Prime Minister is questioning is terrible. To even go so far as to question the official figures of international organisations, which with what they announce we have a duty to have an election debate and not on the basis of the propaganda of certain channels. Most of the new jobs are in the 400 and 500 euro range. Who can build a life of dignity on these wages? And with the state of labour rights in the country.

7.4% fall in real wages in 2022, third from the bottom of all European countries. We are in purchasing power. Of course. Even on the tax issue, the tax system in Greece is so unfair that the injustice is revealed if we see that 66%. Of the state's revenue comes from indirect taxes that mainly affect the poorest Greeks and the middle class. So then. Life is getting harder. Life is not getting better. Particularly if we put into our discussion that Europe has taken some steps, this is not 2009. It created the Recovery Fund gave the country 32 billion, there has been a big fiscal expansion. But it has been done in an unfair, unjust, unqualified way in an opaque manner, and as a result, education has not been supported either. Nor was health care. Nor the real green transition, nor low-cost digital convergence. And with greater speed, as has happened in other European countries. It continues to be the state even today. To be a spoilsport in the hands of the prime minister of the day. So that is why I say it again and I have said it many times today the first priority is for the state to be a guarantor of the public interest. This is the vision of every social democrat. This is our main objective in the next national elections, no more of the state being the prey of the citizens and friends of Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis and anyone who wants to remain Prime Minister at the expense of the state. All of us, our taxes and our future.

I do. This issue of the state. Let's look at it from the perspective of the incredible. tragedy of the shocking tragedy of the Tempi River. It became a tragedy. 57 people lost their lives unjustly. There was a meaningful discussion. About the causes. The shortcomings were the priority of this public debate. Some have gone so far as to look for microcosm of PASOK to create a narrative that everyone is at fault over time. We said from the very first moment to discuss why a contract was not implemented. Η 717. That was EUR 54 million with not half a euro from the pockets of the Greek people. It was all European money, why was it not implemented, was there any discussion, was there any conclusion? It went to justice. And we are learning. After the tragedy that since 2021 in the minister's office there was a conclusion from the independent Transparency Authority saying who was responsible. And while the 55 million euros had been given by the European Union. There was no delivery of the project with 7 extensions under the responsibility of 2 governments. Both Mr Tsipras and Mr Mitsotakis. What does the responsible minister answer, I did not know the existence of the report, did the judiciary do something, as in any other state. I am not discussing the political aspect of the involvement of Mr Karamanlis of the New Republic. I am discussing from the side of the state, he would have moved. Already the judiciary against these phenomena of widespread corruption that led to this tragedy. But it is the cronies state, because if we look at the CVs of most of those who are in organizations or key positions involved in the issues, OSE-TRAINOSE are party children of New Democracy. And not people of competence. The issue of the stationmaster became this three-member committee. The committee said it is an illegal transfer. But is it possible for ministers to get out? And disrespect the families of the victims by saying it was a legal transfer, while the commission appointed by the Prime Minister. Says it's illegal. These, as you know, very well and I speak for the participants. From the outside, along with the parastatals of wiretapping in any country the Prime Minister would be a thing of the past and this shows that we have a lot of steps to take to get a country where the separation of powers works in the interest of the citizen. It is a real separation of powers. We live a long way from a country that will fully respect human rights. And will not be looking for opportunity through the. Awesome and well-paid Internet gangs that have organized this state of terror. The New Republic with SYRIZA. To divide to discredit morally and politically the victims of wiretapping. So this is what I ask of you and those of you who stayed and those of you who have new experiences. To run an election campaign that will give a new vision and make the Greek people believe that the impossible is possible, a state and a country without buffet, with respect for human rights, a normal European country that respects all citizens and there is no group of powerful people. Who no matter what happens. They can. Cover up their responsibilities. Cover up their responsibilities. Everyone will be equal before the law before justice. These are such simple things for many European countries. Unfortunately, in Greece in 2023 they are still an issue.

So I believe that our generation has a very great debt to build a modern Greece, a modern European Greece, which will give many opportunities to young people. It will be an inclusive state, a state that is sensitive to the weak citizens and not a state that only sees. The polls, the upcoming polls. And not the future and the prospect. We have paid dearly for these parties that do not speak visionary, do not speak programmatically, but only know how to do well is to control the state apparatus and get on well with the domestic oligarchy. We have a duty and I have a duty to confront and we will confront together all the powerful vested interests that do not allow Greece to become a normal European state with many opportunities for all Greeks and not only for the powerful.

Friends. The institutional changes. Many institutional changes are needed. The support of public education. Public school, public university, so that all Greek children have equal opportunities, the knowledge and skills necessary to meet modern challenges. By introducing remedial teaching to tackle inequalities, but also by upgrading special education structures for a real school of inclusion and not only, allowances which, unfortunately, are not enough for a decent everyday life for families with children who have learning disabilities or are on the autism spectrum. Emphasis on the vocational training school, extramural universities linked to the labour market and, of course, to the local economies and the specificities of local economies for those universities located in the periphery, with specific funding for research and innovation always. Around the level of the European Union average. We are much lower and this shows a huge weakness in research and technology development in the country. Also construction of new quality student residences so that young people can pursue their dreams, achieve their goals without doing computerised courses that prioritise their family's financial ability. Today you know all too well that in many universities it is very difficult to study because of the cost of living. So we have a vision to create modern dormitories where all children. Of weak families to make decisions based on their ambition and not on their financial ability. George said about social mobility. And I think someone George probably said about the issues. Of inherited power and someone else said about social mobility. We're living in the age. Of increased spatial mobility of geographic mobility, but at the same time it's the age of low social mobility and this is of course happening all over the western world. So that is why, because we have lived through the years of economic crisis have left many traumas behind, our priority is through public education at all levels. To enable every Greek child to build a dignified future in Greece.

Also. Labour rights. Rules, dignity. We believe that the four-year subsidy of employer contributions. It enables us to go to the work subsidy rather than the unemployment subsidy. By using the NSRF, 50,000 new unemployed people can be hired full-time in the private sector, with wages determined by collective agreements with universal and compulsory application, with regulations and rules that provide security for the worker, respect for their rights, so that we never again hear descriptions like Flora's. Such a presumption of work for platform workers and involving the distribution of goods. We know all too well the huge problem that has existed in recent years. In these categories of workers and of course free transport on public transport for night school, high school and high school students.

Enabling young people to open their own home. And I'm talking about the now familiar, which is the cornerstone of our programme, the social housing tank. We said it first, we believe in it and we will do it on the model of Portugal. 150,000 social housing units for young couples, students, weak Greeks, either with construction from the Recovery Fund or with tax incentives or reconstruction incentives, so that closed houses can be opened up, join the pool and rented at low cost. The New Republic. Wanting to respond. To this programmatic position. He made a program. I really want. To read what this program means this program is a program of new ownership. What we're saying is a low rent for 150,000 families so that not only 150,000 families but thousands of families benefit from competing at lower rents to de-escalate rents in all urban centres and not have a huge flow to short-term rentals undermining life. The cost of living in major urban centres at the expense of younger generations, especially the younger generations. I inform you that because of the increase. The cost per square foot. This program in essence is unworkable, it is again for the few who have strong economic ability. The society of inherited power, but that's what we want to overturn. We don't want it to have a perspective. Only he who has inheritance. We also want the person who did not find a legacy to have a perspective, because his parents may have had a difficult decade because of the economic crisis, so we have a different philosophy from New Democracy. We have the philosophy that does not make the new generation a citizen-customer through new property, but makes them citizens with dignity through the low cost of living that will apply to the whole new generation.

The new mother. Especially in urban centers, many young mothers. They live. Terrible social and economic dead ends. There is no grandfather, grandmother some possibilities that exist in some areas. Of the periphery in the country. That is why, for the basin and Thessaloniki and for the whole of Greece, our priority is no new child outside day care centres and creative employment centres. Every mother will know before her child is born that she will have a place in a crèche or creative activity centre, so that she can have a low cost, but also so that she can continue her economic and social life without any disruption. Of her plans.

Friends. Tax and insurance incentives, but also exemptions. That will affect every new professional, every new entrepreneur or freelancer. We believe that the Recovery Fund is a fund that we must use more properly. Supporting innovative activities, new business ideas. We are strengthening the facility in lending, it is happening in many, many countries, especially for young people, for schemes created by young people with a focus on the social economy. Unfortunately, in Greece these policies are very immature and of course we did it in 2010, we need to strengthen it even further, then in the first years we were in government.

Free farmland concession and tax reduction for young farmers. We need to support the primary sector throughout Greece and link agri-food with tourism, so that we can increase exports to create good jobs. Not only. On issues that are closely related to the tourism sector, but more broadly to the Greek economy.

We do not envision Greece. A huge hotel. We envision tourism, a locomotive that will pull other wagons of the Greek economy, such as livestock farming, such as the agricultural sector, such as manufacturing. There cannot be such a strain on the natural environment in Greece. In a few years we may feel like foreigners on our islands because of the strong real estate investments, which is Mr Mitsotakis' development. And we will not be able to set limits for respect for the environment, but for respect for man himself and the Greek citizen, the producer, everyone who wants to create in the context of a modern economy, of sustainable development.

Friends. Investing in networks I've said it many times and it ties in with what you asked. My hon. Friend without investment in networks from the recovery fund has been done by many European countries. We cannot have a green transition, we have a low-performing network for connectivity, the government and powerful oligarchic interests are exploiting the weaknesses of the network, and as a result only big parks are being built at the expense of a fair green transition.

Important issue. Which also concerns this environment. I have said it many times in the past in my environmental ethics course in schools. It all starts at a very young age. We have a duty to create a modern network of green schools all over Greece with photovoltaic panels on roofs with a reinforcement of the culture of recycling, in order to create modern citizens who have an experiential relationship with climate change issues.

Our priority is to defend human rights and the rule of law. We want an open, European society, without discrimination on the basis of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation for all citizens of the country.

Another issue that directly concerns the initiative taken by friends and comrades from abroad. In these elections? More than 400,000 young people from 17 to 21 have the right to vote. How will they come to the polls? Nobody knows. The disappointment is great. We aim to stimulate participation. We have a duty. We have a duty to confront. The perception that politics is a problem is buffoonery, it's undignified, but that's what he wants. The personal example the individual example of each of us from the President to the last member to show our culture. That we. We ask, we seek positive participation. The citizen, the young person. To come and discuss? Voting is power. And for change, but also for perspective. But if. We stay. In literary debates, without a programmatic stigma, we cannot be listened to, so what I ask you is to take a look at the PASOK program. It is a programme that was made with a great deal of effort. With large discussion tables, with people who have experience, with young people, with professionals, with farmers. It is a program that we can nuggets of it to be. For a lot of people. A lifeline for the future. A lifeline to believe in politics again and I really want from all of us in these 3 weeks left to fight for positive participation, to talk to our generation to your generation so that young people can come to. Engage in discussion and participate in the national elections of course.

There is a very big issue in this debate. And it's the so-called anti-systemicism debate. We have come to the point. Some journalists reporting. Talking about anti-systemism. And taking pictures of Mr. Kasidiaris' party. I can't believe it. That there are people. Who consider antisystemic voting. To those who murdered Pavlos Fyssa to those who murdered immigrants. To those who praise Hitler who massacred our country. Who led our country decades back with enormous crimes. Against the human capital of the country. The fighters in the country's infrastructure at that time. I can't believe there are people. Who know what they are. Kasidiaris and his fellow travelers. And they consider it an antisystemic vote. So I invite them. To give us a chance. And to believe our effort, because we are a party of true antisystemic realism, that we say things that can be done and we are ready to confront anything that keeps the country tied to the past. That is the real antisystem. And no. Of antisystemic compatibility. Saying things that only lead to widespread disillusionment, as happened during the memorandum years. Which came to some with easy words. To deceive the younger generation ultimately achieved nothing but to accumulate more problems and more frustration. The Caution Network. It is an effort that truly honours us all. But. This initiative exists for one more reason. Helen and dear friends, dear friends. We want to send a message. That for us. It is not the existing electoral law. A law that wants to make Greeks abroad harnesses of experience, of knowledge, that wants to embrace the second Greece that is outside Greece. It is a law of exclusion and mockery and I pledge we will change it so that every Greek who has the right to vote has the right to vote in Greece without barriers. Which were created by the government of the New Democracy with the full cooperation of both SYRIZA and the other parties. I do not understand why anyone is allowed to vote in Greece. But he cannot be allowed to vote from a country. They don't have sir. Mitsotakis, Mr. Tsipras, everyone has the financial means to travel from America to Greece and I want to tell you from my heart that I met hundreds of our friends, our acquaintances, who wanted to participate and Mr. Mitsotakis' law excluded them. So that is why it is very crucial in the initiative that you will take. To be a first big victory. To change this electoral law that does not help participation but reinforces exclusion.

Friends. In closing, I want to thank you very much for your participation. Our ambition is to be a new, modern party with traditional values, principles and ideas that embrace the modern age. A party that speaks with an eye to the future. And not a party that tries to fish in murky waters, saying things that are unrealistic, things that they don't put. In the context of their debate, international correlations and global reality. I aspire for this party to be the most modern institutional party in the country. And in this process we must fight to change the mindset. The culture needs enhanced know-how from the way other European socialist parties operate, and I believe that this is where the network we announced today will help us enormously. Our motto, PASOK's motto is Greece everywhere. Greece is a small country with enormous potential. Do any of you know any of you? That I have travelled a lot in my life. And always in whichever country I have been my priority. has been to meet the Greek expatriates. Of all generations. These are people who have struggled under much more difficult circumstances than today. They have left a strong brand name, the brand name of the country. It is not only that we. Experientially we see through the country it is also what they themselves have left as an imprint through their social path in these countries. That is why I believe that the Composition Network has a duty. To be beamed not only to countries. Which are traditional, like the countries of the western world. But also in countries. And I'm talking about Africa. For Latin America, for countries in Asia where there are both old roots and modern Greeks who have gone in recent years. I aspire for this PASOK abroad, to put it simply, to be a PASOK that embraces all Greek children and all their aspirations. The main anxiety is the Greekness of their children. We have a duty to find solutions so that in every country, not just where the old infrastructure exists, it can. The parent, the mother, his child from Mozambique any country I do not say South Africa, there are schools there. Learn Greek. To have contact with Greek culture. We owe this network and our party a debt. The party of Melina Mercouri, the party of great ideas, of great changes, to embrace all the forces of the nation, all the forces of Hellenism, from the ends of the earth and together we can create the conditions of modern Greece, of Greece, of the future, of a strong Greece. This is the Greece we deserve. We will not settle for anything less. Thank you very much. For this moving event today. And I am sure that this is only the beginning and together we will do a lot for the good of our country. Bless you.