But I want to talk to you a little bit about social Greece, as we envision it, which has two main aspects. The first I have talked to you a little bit about, and that is education. As I said, I am very proud of what is happening in higher education as a whole, especially here in Western Macedonia. I said in the presentation of the development plan that I believe that it will not be long before the time comes when coming to study at the University of Western Macedonia will not be an option of necessity, but a priority option. Because they will know very well that here they will combine a very good education with an excellent quality of life, but our students here are all smiling and seem to be having a very good time. We will build more student accommodation for them so that they don't have to spend a lot of money on rent, especially for those who come from far away, from outside Western Macedonia.But let me also say a word about our schools. In our schools, friends, in our public schools, a small revolution is taking place. Within the next year we will have installed 36,000 interactive whiteboards in all sections of our public schools from the fifth grade to the third grade.  Many private schools do not yet have such interactive whiteboards.I was in Piraeus yesterday and saw a class in the first grade with the interactive whiteboard. A history lesson where the student stood up on the blackboard and interactively saw what the Acropolis looked like in 3D and the child could do exercises on the board. Talk about another lesson. We are talking about a revolution in the way we transfer knowledge to our children. You should have seen the smiles on the faces of children and teachers and teachers at these new technologies. Because this is how we envision the school of the future. And this is how we envision vocational education, of course.Coming this morning, I started my tour from Central Macedonia and passed by the Standard Vocational Lyceum in Krya Vrysi, Pella. Because I want to emphasize vocational education as well. Not all children will necessarily go to university. Our public IEKs, which again can attract a lot of young kids, can offer diplomas and degrees with much more value in the job market and with jobs that both pay well and offer a good career path.