Friends, companions, and comrades, we are here today in Lamia, three days before the elections, to convey once again to the people of Fthiotida the one and only hopeful message that can emerge from the ballot box of June. And that is the even greater strengthening of the KKE so that our people will be stronger the next day! We can do it; we have proved it. In the May elections, a step was taken both nationwide and here in Fthiotida. The KKE was strengthened in votes, percentages, and seats. And Fthiotida elected a communist MP for the first time in many years. And this is only a gain for its people. We know that this development did not come by chance. The people of Fthiotida, many of whom may not agree with us on everything, have rewarded the KKE's dedication to the interests of the people of the region, our constant presence here, and our systematic engagement with the problems. The workers of LARCO, for example, weighed who has been by their side all these years, inside and outside the factory, who is, after all, flesh and blood, and who is against them in their struggle to stay in their jobs and homes so that this great wealth of the region does not go to waste, so that this great wealth of the region is not handed over to big capital. And they gave the KKE 20% in the villages and towns of Lokrida where they live and work. This is the KKE; this is who we are! And this is the answer to SYRIZA and to Mr. Tsipras, who dared to say that "the KKE does not care how the workers live," "it only cares," he said, "to hold up its banners"! He should come here to say this to the workers of LARCO who have fought a heroic struggle with the communists in front. And as I was informed just now, the LARCO union elections have just ended, and the results have been announced. So for the first time there, the communists, the trade unionists, the class forces, this union has won 8 of the 9 seats on the Board of Directors, voting for the workers by 89%. Because we are interested in the worker having a living wage, living for his family, his children, returning home safe and sound. And if the KKE can today lead the working people's struggles, it is because on its banners - that is, on its political proposal - are written in large letters the modern needs of the workers, which will be satisfied by the society for which the KKE is fighting. And not, of course, the rotten system of exploitation and injustice that SYRIZA served both as government and opposition.

Friends, in this election, we are facing an unfair electoral law that steals seats from all parties and gives them as a bonus to Mr. Mitsotakis, as if he inherited them from his father. Therefore, in order to maintain this progress, even more people in our prefecture should support the KKE. They have every reason to do so because when the exploiters are happy, from Monday they will have a self-reliant government to do their work for them. The workers, the working people, and the breadwinners can also be happy for the exact opposite. Against this government, there will be a 100% popular, militant opposition. And that can only be the KKE!

In fact, the dilemmas that the parties of the system are trying to invent in order to blackmail the popular vote - now that there is no question as to what the next government will be - are becoming more and more funny, or even repulsive, as one takes it. The Southwest says that if a strong, self-reliant government emerges, we have nothing to fear. Investments will come, wages will rise, and we will become the leading power of the 4th industrial revolution, as your well-known Mr. In short, the roosters will even start to give birth. But when the next international crisis, which seems to be on the horizon, hits the Greek economy excessively because of the extroversion that they are advertising - to be clear - because they have made tourism a national industry and have left LARKO, the plutoproductive resources of our country, and other sectors to languish, then they will once again talk about imported problems, which they could not have foreseen and for which they are not responsible. They will again give no pass for mockery and let him who saves himself be saved, as with the pandemic, the war in Ukraine, inflation, energy poverty, and crisis.

Their executives seemed unaware of what was coming at the time. If they had read any Rizospastis, they would have been informed about the imperialist war that has been raging in Ukraine since 2014, the consequences of the expansionist policy pursued on behalf of capital on the high prices of products, and the need to strengthen the public health system for both fixed and emergency needs that may arise.

Why did we tell them that hospitals are not hotels where you look at the occupancy rate and say "oh okay, it's low, we don't need more ICU beds or staff"? Because when you need them, you will run and not be able to get there, and people will die in their beds or on the street because there are no ambulances.

For this and much more, the people of Fthiotida have no reason to give such a large percentage to New Democracy. It does not need it anyway, and the government will be self-reliant. Now you have to think a little more cunningly. Do not give them a blank check because they will then take it and write whatever they want on it. And that - believe us - you won't like at all...

And do not overlook their withdrawal of the candidate who made those disturbing comments about cancer patients. Are there not lives being lost today - where what he proposed is not happening - that could have been saved if the public healthcare system operated on a cost-benefit basis? Where else is the situation like the one in the hospital in Lamia, for example, today? Where else is the tragic shortage of ambulances and staff that led to the well-known tragic results a few days ago in Nea Makri, Chalkidiki, Kos, and elsewhere? And does SYRIZA, which was - rightly - criticized for this statement, know nothing about all this? If it does not adopt the cost-benefit criterion in healthcare, if it does not measure profits and losses, but only human lives, as it has been saying lately, then why did it not open any of the 16 public hospitals closed by previous governments, but closed an additional one in Patras? And because we now know the answer, he will tell us that at that time they had the Troika "over their heads" and did not implement their program... You know, that Troika that they would have kicked out, by the way, and all the time here orts... Now that, as he tells us, there are no more memoranda and restrictions, why did he say that not even as many doctors can be recruited as are provided for in the organizational charts, but he simply proposed to recruit a few more than those who are leaving?

Enough of the mockery. We are tired of saying it and we will not tire of it. These parties, ND, SYRIZA, PASOK, whatever their differences, share common programs and commitments. They are not going to deviate from the requirements of the Recovery Fund, the investment grade, or the new Stability Pact that the EU is preparing. That is why, in the face of the government of the South-West, it makes no sense for the other two parties to be stronger. They will exercise a consensual opposition and continue to vote for more than 50% and 70% of the bills respectively. SYRIZA and PASOK will make convenient, forward-looking criticism of the South-West for "deviating from the European guidelines" when it is precisely these guidelines that are the problem. This is truly a wasted vote for the people, as is a vote for ND or any party that swears by the current system that is crushing our lives for the gains of the few.

Friends, companions, and comrades, the essence of the problem, both in health and in industrial accidents, as well as in the crime of Tempi, which has shaken this city and its youth, and which we insist on not letting be forgotten, and in the many years of shipwrecks in the Mediterranean, lies in a slogan that the KKE has "thrown" to the people and seems to be touching more and more people. This slogan says: Either their profits or our lives! We answer: we are with the lives of the people. This must be expressed even more on Sunday. We are sure that those who took the step and voted for the JCP, many of them for the first time, already feel that their choice has been confirmed. Because the KKE, in the few days that have passed since the last elections, has once again demonstrated in practice how it understands the opposition, the role that its deputies will play, how it will use whatever extra power the people give it. In the battles against the auctions, which only yesterday we managed to thwart another seven, in the struggles for collective labor agreements, in the mobilizations against the unregulated expansion of renewable energy, and so much more. Everywhere our people are being tested, where their hearts are beating, where our people are struggling, the KKE is there. It will be beside the workers, beside the working class, beside the breadwinners, the farmers and professionals, the young children and women of the people's families, who are fighting the battle for survival.

This is exactly the kind of battle the farmers are fighting here in Fthiotida when we are having a very difficult year in the agricultural sector. Almost all productions are in serious trouble because of the prolonged rainfall and low temperatures in the previous months. What to do first? For the clovers that have lost 2 cuts without compensation? For the olive trees that have been hit, while those that have already been through from the previous year are being sold below cost? For the cereals that the prices given are too low, far below cost? For the cotton that is stuck, with the risk of losing the linked ones due to the satellite controls? One of the same for sunflowers, one of the same for rice. No company has signed contracts with prices, all the prices are open, the ODA declarations have not been opened, and the producers do not even know what subsidies they will receive because of the new CAP, so the situation is going 'into the unknown with a boatload of hope'... We will not allow the destruction of the organic farmers. We will get ahead in the struggle to claim income replacement in all crops and production to stay in production and in their place, in their villages, the farmers of Fthiotida and the whole country.

Friends, we have already demonstrated that no government is powerful when faced with a strong workers' and people's movement, and an even stronger KKE. We know that there are thousands of people who did not ultimately vote for the KKE, but who were nonetheless pleased with the Party's increased numbers. Come and join us now, take this small step, and we can all smile even more on Sunday. Does anyone truly have a reason not to want the JCP to be strengthened? Is there anyone?

Do not rush to reply. Of course, there are those who know that the stronger the JCP is, the more it will make life difficult for them, and the more it will squeeze them. That's why they are trying to silence our voice, with exclusion from the media, punishing fines supposedly for poster pollution, legal proceedings against our cadres who stand in front of the struggles of the people and youth, and even with cyber attacks on our websites lately. They are tiring in vain... These things don't work here. They don't get off so easily with us, neither those who dream of omnipotence, nor those who dream of recasting the old or the recent two-party system, nor the system they all serve together. And know this: the attempt to silence will not go unanswered!

And there is no more resounding answer than for the KKE to come out of the ballot box even stronger. That will hurt them more than anything else! So our opponents understand very well what a difference 1% to 2% will make, especially for the KKE. Some of them, who ironically present themselves as leftists, ask themselves why they gave 41% to the South-West and do not bother to reduce it at all. It is clear that they are judging by looking in the mirror at themselves, weighing votes by their own criteria that are subordinate to this system. They are not only trying to knock Mr. C.E. but also prevent people from making a more radical, progressive real choice. At the same time, they are trying to lock voters into the direction they are going for Mr. C.E.

But not just 1%, even one person taking a step counts and makes a difference because it is another consciousness moving forward. One person can stand side by side, hand in hand with those who, through organized collective struggle, multiply the pockets of resistance and assertion. So, on Sunday, we will go to the ballot boxes with heart, mind, and rage. Our heart beats for all the working people in this country. We do not see these people as pipsqueaks, put labels on them, or single them out based on their vote, religion, or orientation. We only consider whether they belong to the exploiters or those being exploited in today's society. We are ready at any moment to throw our bodies into the fire to defend them all, without asking what color the map was painted in their region. Our minds and thoughts are dedicated to their liberation, the liberation of all from the shackles of exploitation, and to building another, more just society where the free development of each is also the precondition for the free development of all. Our anger at the crimes of this system is not selective.

Yes, we will go to the ballot box on Sunday with great anger for the hundreds of souls lost off Pylos. This is a new crime of the European Union and its policies, governments, and the parties that shaped and implemented them. Ultimately, it is a new crime of the bloody system of exploitation. They have all sowed bombs and poverty in several countries, established bases on Greek soil for warplanes to take off, and then raised fortresses to prevent their victims from passing through. However, no one will convince us that we have to choose between the shipwrecks that occurred under ND and the shipwrecks that occurred under SYRIZA. We will not choose between the hellhole of Moria, for which our country was condemned a few days ago by the international courts, and the pushbacks of ND. We will not let this recent crime be forgotten. We will continue to ask relentless questions about what happened that night off Pylos with all the power of our voice, even after the elections.

Friends, companions, and comrades, now that this very long election period is over, which started practically as soon as the year began, we can say with certainty that the great effort we have made has already brought us forward, stronger. Because we have had the opportunity to travel around the country, to get in touch with many more people, more intensively than before, to discuss the party's positions, to answer questions and concerns, and, of course, to listen to many opinions on what the main problems are and how we can deal with them.

Especially here in Fthiotida, we have met, and I personally, because of my candidacy, more times than anywhere else. We have traveled practically all over the prefecture, talking to the people of our country. All of this effort will be our greatest asset come Monday in the battles we will fight. These problems that you have brought to us, we will fight them together starting tomorrow, and we will bring them to the House of Representatives. We will do everything in our power to prevent negative developments, anti-people's measures, to achieve the slightest conquest, to open, together with the people, a radically different path for our country. And you know that when the KKE says something during the pre-election, it also says it afterward. But until then, we have the crucial Sunday. Because, as true as it is that we will give our best no matter what percentage the people give us, it is just as true that it is one thing for 15 KKE MPs to plow the country as they have done so far, and another for there to be 26 or more. It is one thing for the KKE to have a deputy in Fthiotida and another for it not to have one. Let us, therefore, make the greatest possible effort in the three days left. Whoever voted for the KKE on 21 May must now overcome every obstacle and do it again. Only this Sunday's vote will count in the end and will follow us for four years. The ballot box on June 25 will indeed be empty... And for the people to be strong, they will have to fill it with the red ballots of hope and struggle, the ballots of the KKE.

Because with a strong Mr. C.E. who knows and can take on governments, the system, and unpopular policies, along with a strong working people's movement, no government can be omnipotent. Because all of Mr. C.E.'s deputies will be found by the people next day, fighting for a better life. Because votes in Kuwait cannot be bargained for governmental institutions, chairs in unpopular governments cannot be mutated or bought, and they cannot be quietly withdrawn. As we have seen repeatedly happen with so many parties in the past that none of us remember today, it will happen again with the various ghost parties that no one saw coming. Over the past four years, the people and the youth have gone through many trials and tribulations, and now they are being sold to us as anti-systemic. Because Mr. C.E. has no commitments to the European Union, NATO, or the bloody profits of capital. Because a vote for the Kuwaiti people means a vote for our lives and not for their profits. It translates into conflict, disobedience, and all that we resent. Above all, it means optimism and hope that we will succeed, and that the people will eventually win. Because Mr. C.E. has a program of governing power with the people truly at the helm, the real owners of the wealth that they alone produce. Because in the present barbarism, there is a way out for the people in the conflict and overthrow of this rotten and corrupt system. So let's go hard, particularly here in Lamia, in Fthiotida, to keep Mr. C.E.'s seat in the prefecture. Every day, every hour, these few hours and days left until the polls close, we do battle on Sunday night to take our party much higher. Because JKE is strong, hope is here! Good strength and good health to all, and we will all make it. We move forward dynamically with the workers, professionals, farmers, and youth. Victory will ultimately be for our people.